review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Great product, arrives on time in a perfect box each time. Can't beat the great price!

review/helpfulness: 1/10
review/text: I have nothing bad to say about this book. My 14 year old son read it, liked it, and he wants more. I am getting another Asimov book for him today.Read On !

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Once you try these pads, you will not be able to live without them. I am an aesthetician, I recommend them to all of my clients. They are great for breakouts, blackheads, hyperpigmentation, fine lines, uneven texture, and flaky skin. The peel is blend of both alpha and beta hydroxy acids making it an extremely effective exfoliant. The neutralizer pad is hydrating enough for dry skin yet lightweight, so it does not feel greasy making it great for oily skin as well. This product does make your skin more susceptible to sun damage so be sure to wear an spf that protects from both UVA and UVB rays while using this product (which you should be doing anyway.) Highly recommended!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: As with their first dvd, the instruction in this is clear and detailed. The pace is faster than in the first dvd, and they do not cover as many moves, but it is still worth it.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Caroline Reynolds's "Spiritual Fitness" changes lives. Amazingly, it speaks just as powerfully to me, a 30-year veteran of "human potential" and "spiritual growth" books and workshops who thought she'd read it all, as it would to a neophyte. If you do the simple exercises at the end of each chapter, your life is almost guaranteed to change for the better. But even readers who don't do the homework will find the book uplifting and rewarding. It's easy to read yet profound at the same time.As a woman in a major life transition, I find this book a wonderful companion on my journey of personal growth and change, as it confirms and validates my own intuition and sense of the Truth. One term that especially resonated with me but with which I was previously unfamiliar is "non-alignment fatigue," describing that drain of energy that comes when one is with companions whose emotions are different from our own. Caroline makes it OK to trust our intuition and offers exercises to fine-tune our ability to listen to it. I highly recommend this book!

review/helpfulness: 7/9
review/text: Jane Fonda, with Ms. Redgrave, makes this a reasonable and incredible synopsis of the war and difficulties of free-thinkers at this time. When you see the poor publicity Fonda has gotten recently because she's upset about the latest war, remember too, that you need to see her films and read her autobiography. She is brilliant.She's been there; done that. She deserves great recognition for this wonderful, valid, strong, creative experience of her brave, yet scared character here. She and Redgrave portray the best of intellectuals. And lately, intellectuals seem to be forgotten by the movie business. Here is a saga, a journey, worthy of high praise. Doesn't anyone miss the wonderful historic dramas of times past? This is one, with acting worthy of acclaim.

review/helpfulness: 3/8
review/text: Jan 8: I opened it up, glanced at what I thought was the first page of the instruction manual and plugged this thing in. I think I permanently messed it up because I then noticed in the middle of the cover of the instruction manual it says in all caps "warning do not plug device in until you install software."Oh well so much for my Rhomba. Now I have to figure out what to do next. What a piece of junk.***Jan 12: OK-I let the battery drain, then plugged it in the next day and got it to work. Then when I finally figured out how to get songs transferred to it, I couldn't get them to play. I finally realized the problem was that I had copied them in a folder rather than directly.Bottom line, now that it works I really like it. But it is a pain and the documentation sucks. Not user friendly to set up, but awesome once it is working. Now I need more memory....

review/helpfulness: 9/12
review/text: ... for Oxford University Press. There are quite a few annoying typos. I can see how the new Forsyte by the name Scames or the unlisted French word &quot;ficbe&quot; came about as a result of faulty character recognition, but how Soames, born in 1855, got to be thirty-eight in in 1885, is beyond me. Don't they have proof-readers anymore?By all means read the book--you may find out how a lot of later works of literature derive from it--but not in this edition.

review/helpfulness: 2/26
review/text: I am fixing to have to read this book for English 3, in high school, of course. I am really dreading it. I could honestly care less about adultery in New England way back then, and the length of the book is definitely going to make that a lot worse. I am positive I am going to have to analyze every paragraph in this dam book, I'm fixing to live up my summer!

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: The Swrod in the Stone is the first in a mini-series, and by far the best. The others are really flat in comparison.I just love this book, it describes all the magic of being young and exploring the fields and rivers around your home, and talks of fights between rather nasty witches and pleasant wizards. The writing is so good I felt like I was actually lying in the grass on a summery day watching people joust! Young Wart gets up to some crazy adventures, and the book has a nice happy ending. The author certainly introduces some interesting characters, and overall, I found it a joy to read, and one of the few books I reread regularly.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: I like this product, but received it in it's original thin cardboard box. It had some wrapping around the stand inside the box, but the box itself was wrapped with gobs of tape instead of put inside of a corrugated cardboard shipping box. The box was ripped and damaged, but the stand was OK.

review/helpfulness: 19/20
review/text: 20th Century Masters - The Millennium Collection: The Best of the Everly Brothers is a budget priced album geared toward the casual fan who just wants a small sampling of what these guys could really do! The sound quality is quite good and the artwork is about par for this CD series.The CD starts off with The Everly Brothers doing great on "Bye Bye Love;" this was one of their greatest early rock and roll hits ever and it's no wonder why! They sing wonderfully; and the guitar arrangement sounds just perfect. They handle the tempo changes very well and I always enjoy "Bye Bye Love" even though it's a melancholy song! "Wake Up Little Susie" is a peppy little ballad that gets the royal treatment from The Everly Brothers; they sing wonderfully of how their late night date lasted a bit longer than they promised her parents it would. Again, the guitar work on "Wake Up Little Susie" is truly excellent."All I Have To Do Is Dream" features the brothers performing beautifully on a more romantic, slow dance ballad and they never miss a beat! The Everly brothers had great sets of pipes and this number proves it! "Devoted To You" is another love song with a slow tempo that is perfect for dancing with your sweetheart late at night all alone in your living room. Great!"Let It Be Me" showcases The Everly Brothers singing so sweetly of love and a love they have for their girlfriends; they harmonize to perfection and the strings work well for "Let It be Me." "Cathy's Clown" is another highlight of this album; The Everly Brothers deliver this with panache and I am very impressed! "Cathy's Clown" is a very solid number.The album ends with The Everly Brothers performing what sounds like a more recent ballad entitled "On The Wings Of A Nightingale." "On The Wings Of A Nightingale" shines brightly as they deliver this number with all their hearts and souls.Overall, this is an excellent primer for those who want to know just how great The Everly Brothers really were. I highly recommend this CD for the casual fan and newcomers to The Everly Brothers. More diehard fans will want something more substantial; and that's why this cannot be a four star review.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: A recent visit to Ireland and the Dingle Cliffs and Inch Strand Beach brought back memories of this film. Although some critics gave it two and a half stars many years back, I am giving it five.Firstly, i liked it because of its use of film and cinematography to give a lasting picture and a visual story. Second, I like the way that the best was brought out of some very good actors and one or two who are not normally great actors.Now, I would hope that this beautifully made film should be put on DVD. This picture should eventually return money for its DVD development for the same reason all good pictures endure. It has a good story, flawless character development, and great panoramic visual scenes as the picture unfolds.

review/helpfulness: 5/8
review/text: After reading "How God Can and Will Restore Your Marriage" I regretted not buying this book at the same time. I was very anxious for it's arrival and was not disappointed when it arrived and I was able to dive into it. As with the other book, I could not put it down and it directed to me to all the places in the bible that I needed to be. It was like God was speaking directly to me. This book goes hand in hand with the other one. I have also passed this book on to a friend who needs it now more than I. It is the type of book that you can read over and over again and each time, God has something new for you to learn. This is a must read!

review/helpfulness: 4/15
review/text: I know that everyone insists this is the mother of all Coltrane albums. Don't get me wrong it's a fine piece of work. I just don't see the rainbows and stars shooting out of the cd player when it is on.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: &quot;Successful corporate transformation depends on effective decision making and leadership from three distinct but inter coonected entities: the CEO, the top management team, and the board of directors. The CEO is the executive who has overall responsibility for the conduct and performance of the firm; clearly his or her mindset, imagination, and behavior will have a defining effect on corporate adaptation. Ultimately, however, senior leadership is a shared endeavor, extending beyond the CEO to other top executives. Thus, the senior management group, widely referred to as the top management team, also has a central role in formulating and executing corporate transformation. The top management team is not simply an aggregation of individual executives. Rather, the dynamics and complementarities that exist within the team greatly influence corporate outcomes. Finally, the board of directors has legal responsibility for the governance of the firm...All three of these leadership entities are critically important to effective corporate adaptation under conditions of turbulence. This book examines all three, including their interconnections to one another and, particularly, their roles in designing and navigating effective corpotate change&quot; (from the Preface).In this context, in Chapter 6, Paul A. Allaire, chairman and CEO of Xerox Corporation, discusses in depth the role of the senior management team in bringing about a major transformation at his company. He argues that &quot;Effective teamwork harnesses creativity and unleashes brain power; it leads to better solutions, better decisions, and improved business results through more effective implementation.&quot; In this invaluable article, after describing the centrality of teamwork at Xerox, and teamwork at the CEO level-the top management team, he concludes with some lessons from experience on what works and what doesn't work as following:* Self-managed senior teams don't work.* Remotely located teams work less well than teams in physical proximity.* Laissez-faire or consensus leadership doesn't work.* Ill-defned team objectives, processes, and rewards hamper performance.* Teamwork starts with the CEO.* Total Quality Management tools and processes can enhance teamwork.* Roles, responsibilities, and expectations must be clarified.* An effective governance process must be in place.* Outside counsel and assistance helps.* Teams need to be explicitly launched and then maintained over time.Finally, Allaire writes that &quot;Those are my insights on teams at the senioe executive level. I should also point out that there is no free lunch. No matter how deep your commitment, teamwork does have some negative aspects. Teams are time-consuming. You utilize more of the time and energy of top management than if you dictate a solution or a direction. You also run the risk that a tendency toward groupthink may develop...Continuous improvement means a continuous team approach to solving problems and staying on the right course. Team members need to know how valuable their contribution is. That's why at Xerox we not only teach teamwork, we celebrate it.&quot;Strongly recommended.

review/helpfulness: 11/14
review/text: Dean kootz's new thriller tells what really happened to Frankensteins monster. its a fast passed thrill ride that you won't be able to put down. Mary Shelly meets Michael Connely. I can't wait for the second book in the series.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I just finished reading this book and I think it is one of the best books I ever read. This book tracks the voyage of a Cromagnon girl who lives in a clan of neanderthals. This clan adopts her as a member of it. This book is about how the clan accepts her and learns to deal with her differences. This book is not only a great story but it is scientifically accurate. I would call this book a scientific saga.

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: I bought the 1999 version and am about to order the newest edition. I had not been to Disney World in 12 years so I had no idea on what to do and where do go. The book was right on about every detail. I especially like the ride advice for little ones and the hotel recommendations. If you are planning a trip, buy this book first!!!!!!!!!!

review/helpfulness: 15/16
review/text: This review is not about the quality of the shoe (which looked quite satisfactory) but about the sizing.The shoe runs both small and narrow (even though i ordered a wide).FYI- if that happens and you have to return it- You will have to pay for the return shipping to amazon

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Ok. The Fawn was a fine record. The Biz was (without exception) the best thing these guys have put out. Oui? This is still quality jazz pop from some of the most centered, innovative musicians making music today.This still is very original sounding stuff (Like you've heard it before somewhere, but you just can't put your finger on it). Oui sounds like the next step in the evolution of a fine, experimental, jazz rock band. 10 years ago, anything with the jazz rock tag would've been put out with the weekend beer bottles by those in the know. I am very impressed how the distinctive personalities of this band mesh so seemlessly. True, Sam Prekopf's vocals seem a bit limited (one breathless intonation after another), but with the nifty jazz chords of Archer Prewitt, the obviously in (deservedly)demand production skills of John McEntire, and the fine anchoring bass of Eric Claridge, you get a record which really transcends the concept of &quot;jazz rock&quot; (see Steely Dan). I really dig the analog keyboards and the other melodic percussion. The production does sound a little bit like Sterolab-lite (Well, gee, John Mc. was around for that stuff, too.), but that band still sounds like robots compared to this. The four distinct personalities in this band come together like no other right now.The new wave jazz of this band has never sounded better.Recommended for the night after (04:45 AM Chicago time).The Sea and Cake continues to set the precedent for the entire &quot;jazz-rock&quot; concept.(For those those who don't dig the &quot;breathless&quot; vocals of Sam Prekopf, look to fine records from Archer Prewitt. Each one, again, better than the last).

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: It's hard to believe this little book by the famed Ray Bradbury has been around for about fifty years. I remember kids talking about this book just a few years ago when I was in high school and remember thinking it was some great new work of sci-fi. With all the changes in our society and culture the past few years (from the Internet to digital television), FAHRENHEIT 451 is more significant today than it was forty years ago.The plot of the story is simple. Guy Montag is a fireman. However, in the future, instead of putting out fires, fireman start them. Guy burns books and he enjoys doing it. Books are illegal to own and most people spend their free time (and they have lots of it) driving their cars (at speeds of over 120 mph) or listening to the wall-sized televisions that have become their family. One day Guy meets a strange girl who sets a fancy to his heart. His meeting with her allows him to open up and begin to see the truth.The story is simple, but it is what the story says about our society that is so significant. We are told by the story's antagonist that things changed because the country became divided by factions of every sort and people no longer cared about the knowledge books contained. Reading forces people to think and thinking is bad because it forces you to consider others and when you only care about yourself, how can you think about someone else? In our modern American society where many people label themselves with as many hypens as possible, where lives are literally being played out on television, and where violence is becoming more and more the norm; the issues raised in FAHRENHEIT 451 need to be discussed more than ever.

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: hello all! well, this is a real good Cd, and you just hafta get it! it has Great songs on it and you'd probably really enjoy it! i got this cd for a gift from a friend, and i absolutely love it! :) i'm a real big Sailor Moon fanatic, and i can't live without Sailormoon! hehehhe. this is a must listen to everyday for me, and i really do love it! heheh. hope you guys all enjoy these great song! hehehhe.

review/helpfulness: 27/27
review/text: Who are the great post-War Wagner conductors? Knappertsbusch? Krauss? Solti? Karajan (if that's your taste)? Barenboim? Goodall? For the connoisseurs, perhaps, there's Kempe and Keilberth. Maybe even Jochum. But the list seldom includes Kubelik. Yet on disc there's a wonderfully conducted Lohengrin, let down by Gwyneth Jones on one of her squallier days, but enhanced by a beautiful Elsa from Janowitz. There's what is probably the best all round Meistersinger on disc which is again wonderfully conducted. And there's this Parsifal.This is Wagner conducting of the first order on practically all counts. First, orchestral balance. Kubelik is wonderfully sensitive to the combinations and colours of Wagner's score, inspired by the unique acoustic the composer had created at Bayreuth. To take just the Prelude, the balance between strings and clarinet, followed by the addition of the cor anglais in the opening theme is judged to perfection. Then the repeat of the same theme on the trumpet over pulsing 3+2 chords in the upper woodwind and arpeggio strings cuts through just as it should. Come the development section the addition of Horn 1 to Horn 3 at the top of the arch of that same melody enriches the texture perfectly. And so it goes on right through the opera.Then the pacing. Overall, Kubelik strikes a happy median between Knappertsbusch and Boulez. But he understand the ebb and flow of the piece so well, the mastery of what Wagner called `the Art of Transition'. So the profounder moments in the Grail Castle have all the space and air they need while much of Act 2 is taken at an urgent, exciting pace. Indeed, unlike most conductors, Kubelik seems to see the Second Act as the crux of the piece. (In this he goes along with Wieland Wagner whose graphic chart of the Parsifal Cross showing all the action radiating from the kiss is well worth investigating.) In retrospect, the whole opera under Kubelik seems to be one great, balanced arch with the Kiss as its keystone. And this is the most comprehensive and fulfilling performance of this Act that I know.Finally, Kubelik really brings out the modernity of the piece to the full. Harmonically, much of Parsifal and especially Act 3 mark a huge advance over anything in Tristan. And here you also have all those stark juxtapositions of the chromatic with the squarely diatonic (e.g. the Faith motif and the Dresden Amen theme). What I've never noticed before listening to this performance is how advanced it is rhythmically as well. So many of those chromatic themes and motifs involve syncopations and tied notes across bar-lines that totally do away with the tyranny of the bar. It is often as hard to tell where you are rhythmically as it is harmonically. Which, of course, is exactly what Wagner intendedThe singers, it has to be said, are not quite in the same league as their conductor. The outstanding performance here is Yvonne Minton's Kundry. One of the best `Ich sah das Kinds' I know; a very sexy, seductive lead into the kiss; true tragic angst as she recalls laughing at Christ; hair-raising and scary when she starts threatening. Her intonation is also wonderfully exact in all those creepy chromatic phrases, slipping up or down by semitone steps. Moll's performance is streets ahead of what he gave under Levine's lethargic direction, but he still can't quite stop Gurnemanz turning into a bit of a bore with his Act 1 narration in a way that a Weber or a Hotter always avoided. King is a sound Parsifal (as he is for Boulez) while never raising the hairs on the back of your neck as Vickers could at points like `Amfortas! Die Wunde!'. Weikl is good but not great. Mazura sings Klingsor's part most musically (no barking), but only Hermann Uhde seemed able to turn the character into something more than a pantomime villain. Salminen's Titurel is impressive but unremittingly forte. The Flowermaidens can be a bit shrill with the exception of the lovely Lucia Popp.The sound (from a Bavarian Radio recording of 1980) is not top flight by today's highest standards, but more than good enough to hear all of Kubelik's mastery of this score. And make no mistake. This is masterly conducting, well worth hearing.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: So disappointing! How could a movie made 40 years later be so much worse than the original? Patrick Stewart was great as Ahab but that's where the compliments end. The rest of the characters are played by rank amateurs or completely miscast. The whaling scenes are worse than the original ones and the ice-breaking scene was almost comical. I was glad to see the actors put out of their misery at the end.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I previously watched the movie The Odyssey. The Odyssey is a story written about a man named Odysseus. This story was written by Homer a Greek writer. Odysseus was played by Armand Assante, I think he did a great job. After the Illiad the first epic by Homer The Odyssey starts. The Illiad is about Odysseus fighting in the Trojan War. In the Odyssey, Odysseus upsets the god Poseidon (Miles Anderson). Poseidon tells Odysseus that he wont make it home for a longtime. On Odysseuss journey home he encounters many creatures &amp; people. He meets one of Cyclops (Reid Asato .) Aeolus then gave Odysseus a sack of wind. When they had Ithaca in their sights one of the men opened the sack of wind and it blew far away from Ithaca. As Telemachus gets older his mother has to be wed another man. Athena tells Odysseus that she can change him into an old beggar. Then only Telemachus could know who he was. When he comes into the town of Ithaca he sees that the men have destroyed his town. His son had grown his beard so he had to enter the ring. He fought one of the men wanting to marry Penelope. Then she decides to make a challenge for the men to find out who will marry her. The man who can string Odysseuss bow and shoot it through the axe handles would win her hand in marriage. It seemed impossible to the men, then the old man strung it and shoot it perfect.This movie was historically correct in a couple of ways. The characters wore tunics made of wool. The people were fishermen, herders, and warriors. As they did in real life the people believed in many gods, and believed in sacrificing animals. The people grew olive and the woman pressed them. It took place in Ancient Greece. As it was believed in Ancient Greece you must bring presents to the persons they are visiting. The hostess was expected to board and lodge them. This movie was a good action packed thriller.

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: The first and only time I saw this was on Animal Planet during 'Woah Sunday!'. I'm sad to say watching Mo almost beat the special. But I only saw the last half of it or so, even less probaly. This was interesting, seeing what it might be like in a certain amount of million years from now. But this was nothing special either. The CGI was terrible, movies such as Jurassic Park had better, and that was over 10 years bbefore this was made! The names they gave the creatures were highly laughable at, and even thinking of the few names I remember(which are Flish, Giant land squid, and the other land squid) send me into a short giggle fit.Basiclly, this is nothing extreme. Maybe a buy, but I suggest waiting for it to come on 'Woah Sunday!' again so you can compare it to Mo's side show. Or rent it.

review/helpfulness: 12/13
review/text: Excellent card, full of features. This card has the best quality DVD playback I've ever seen. 3D Performance is on par with Nvidia's current offerings, but more than adequate for games currently on the market (especially with the newest CATALYST drivers from ATi). Also excellent for video capture. The analog video capture rivals much more expensive professional products. I haven't encountered any issues, instability or incompatibility that ATi hasn't had a fix for. No complaints.

review/helpfulness: 4/13
review/text: The Old Grey Whistle Test hosted some incredibly groundbreaking FULL CONCERTS, two of which were the original Bob Marley and The Wailers, and Return To Forever (performing most of Romantic Warrior). Bootlegs of many of these shows are available but were recorded from nth generation tapes. Any one of these classic full shows would have been a much better choice for release than this hit and miss (mostly miss) collection of singles. I'm disappointed in this, and I believe they will be too once they see their sales numbers.

review/helpfulness: 19/20
review/text: I had to laugh at the editorial review, which accuses Dr. Jacobsen of being "elitist," one of the many criticisms that gifted people receive. Maybe that reviewer should have read the book more carefully. This is a terrific book that will help people realize their potential. That's a good thing for the world and should not be discouraged or belittled.If you have struggled with fitting in only to feel like you cannot be your authentic self, this book will help you discover why. I also recommend "Dark Side of the Light Chasers" and other books by Debbie Ford to help you discover the damage done by all those messages to play small, and begin to heal, giving yourself permission to be BIG.

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: Anyone who knows the book knows that Emma is susposed to be about 20 years old so why do they have an acress playing her that looks like she's between 40 to 45 years old?Isn't this actress in this 70's BBC made version a little too long in the tooth to be playing a young woman in her early 20's?Buy or rent the Gwyneth Paltrow or Kate Beckensale versions instead. They act good in their versions and are young enough to be believable as Emma.PS: The guy playing Knightley in this movie is too old too.Jeremy Northam and Mark Strong are way better Knightleys.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Okay first off I will admit I was dissapointed, I wanted this to sound like el cielo and as we all know it dosen't. But as I listened to it I realised this album is amazing in its own way.Catch without arms is the best record by far this year, gavin still has one of the best voices in rock next to manard, Dredg will never be mainstream, but as long as they keep progressing like they have they will continue to put out some of the best music there is to offer!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Sorry for any mistake I could do here, English is not my first language.While Dramatica is a powerful tool for building a story, it is complex and sometimes overwhelming. Armando Salda&ntilde;a-Mora found a way to demystify Dramatica and give a lot of practical advices and principles for creating a story with Dramatica."Dramatica for Screenwriters" is easy to understand, fun and thought-provoking. The only drawback is that this book is not useful if you do not know the Dramatica Theory or do not use Dramatica software. Now, if you're a Dramatica user or if you plan to seriously evaluate the software, it is a must-have.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: The Triplets of Belleville is a very eccentric movie which I loved. It takes a mature audience to not be completely overwhelmed by the film's sheer genious. But don't let thet scare you! The film is funny, exciting, and totally unlike anything you've ever seen. The soundtrack is even better.With a cool combination of Django Reinhardt guitar, cabaret singing, and french surf music, Ben Charest has managed to create an original collection of music that satisfies all kinds of listeners.The title song of the soundtrack is one of the best (it was deservedly nominated for an oscar), and all the rest of the tracks centralize around it. Sung in tight three part harmony with catchy lyrics (in both french and english), 'the triplets of belleville' songs (there are four total on the cd), are enough to make anybody want to get up and start dancing. Another fun thing about this soundtrack is the presence of source music coming from vaccum cleaners, refrigerators, newpapers, tire wheels and more! (I admit, the vaccum makes more sense if you've seen the movie- so do so!) The singers in the vocal pieces are fantastic, and make up for the lack of dialogue in the film. The instrumental pieces completely set the mood for the wide range of sences the film has- from the tour de france to a gangsters hideout.This is the perfect kind of music for a person wanting to expand their music intake. While listening to this, you get a taste of all kinds of music that are unfortunately underplayed. Hope you enjoy!

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: A continuation of the illest hip-hop album in recent times, 400 degreez. If you aren't down w/ C.M.B yet, go get 400 degreez first. If you already got and you love it, this is just another hour of banging bump and car music. Great

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: Leo Gandelman is one of the best brazilian musicians. And 'Brazilian Soul' is simply a brilliant CD. Listen to it - especially 'Antigua'(Tom Jobim)- and you'll see I'm quite right.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: "Roman political concepts, Greek culture, and the Christian faith were the main elements which determined Byzantine development. Without all three the Byzantine way of life would have been inconceivable. It was the integration of Hellenistic culture and the Christian religion within the Roman imperial framework that gave rise to that historical phenomenon which we know as the Byzantine Empire." Thus begins the first paragraph of George Ostrogorsky's masterful narrative of Byzantine history. As this quotation demonstrates, Ostrogorsky's writing is a model of erudition, clarity, and efficiency. It would be hard to improve the quality of his prose, and he maintains this level of scholarship throughout the 500+ pages of main text. But the writing has a natural fluidity which carries the reader along rather effortlessly throughout the full span of East Roman/Byzantine history, from 284 A.D. (rise of Emperor Diocletian) to 1453 A.D. (fall of Constantinople to the Turks). Ostrogorsky gives this inherently rich and fascinating material the virtuoso treatment it deserves, and the reader is rewarded on every page by Ostrogorsky's efforts.Of course, readers of this English translation from the original German of the 3rd edition (1963) of Ostrogorsky's "History of the Byzantine State" owe an immense debt to Professor Joan M. Hussey, whose rendering of the German into English is a masterpiece in its own right. Moreover, through the collaboration of Professors Ostrogorsky and Hussey, the truly extensive references and footnotes have been brought up to date from the 1940 German 1st ed. to the 1967 time-frame of Hussey's 2nd English edition presented here. Of course, in the intervening 40+ years a veritable explosion in the fields of Late Antique and Byzantine studies has taken place, but Ostrogorky's mastery of the original sources, and the German, French, Italian, English, and Slavic secondary literature will not soon be replicated."History of the Byzantine State" is a delight to read, and is divided into 8 main chapters. These chapters are respectively subdivided into numbered sections, and both chapters and sections are clearly titled, so that the breadth of Byzantine History is clear through a glance at the Table of Contents.Other reviewers have complained that Ostrogorsky's writing is dry and lacks a "human touch." I found the opposite to be the case: "History of the Byzantine State" has a cogency and beauty of style, and is a model of articulate scholarship. And with such rich material as the myriad colorful historical human figures and locales which populate Byzantine history, it would be difficult to render this history in a boring fashion. Ostrogorsky's emphasis is the political narrative, but he does not ignore social and cultural aspects of Byzantium, and upon finishing his book the reader has a sense of a complete picture of Byzantine history and civilization. In the paperback version now standard the maps are incomplete, but this is easily remedied by consulting an historical atlas or the Internet.

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: If you want to sit back and watch an alot of great drumming, this is the dvd for you. it's better than being at the show because the great camera angles let you see more than you can from the audience. the sound is awesome. so put it in your player sit back and go to drumming heaven. this dvd rocks.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: The late 60s were full of destruction, rebellion and the end of the optimism and the idealism that America was almost attached to. Then the Manson family kills 8 people, which symbolizes the darker side to the hippie/LSD/youth culture lifestyle.Vincent Bugliosi was Manson's attorney during his infamous trial. Here he documents every shred of evidence and every detail which went into the ghastly homicide, and the trial itself, which resulted in Manson and 3 members of his family (Sadie, Lulu, and Patricia) being convicted of murder and sentenced to death, which was later turned into life in prison, due to California's abolishment of the death penalty in early 1970.This also gives an unbiast view of Charlie's life (by the time he was 32, he spent 17 years in jail), his aspirations to become a rockstar, the members of his "Family," why he and his family committed the murders, and, probably the most interesting yet odd part of the book, Manson's rather religious, dogmatic and supposedly prophetic interpretation of the Beatles' double-LP "The White Album." It is complete with rather bizarre lyrical references from the people he was after (the "Piggies") the revolt that blacks were going to plan against whites (The lyrics to "Blackbird" describe "Helter Skelter," which meant that blacks were going to destroy whites, led by "Rocky Racoon, who, strangely would be a 'coon,' not to be racist"), the Beatles as the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse (The avant-garde sound effects of "Revolution 9", and how the 5th 'horseman' was actually Stuart Sutcliffe, who was in the group but died of a brain hemmorhage in 1962), and how the Beatles were planning to sail across the Atlantic to make Charlie a rockstar (The lyrics to "Honey Pie," 'I'm in love but I'm lazy,' meaning that the Beatles were supposedly interested in Charlie but were too lazy to sail across the Atlantic to California to meet him). It's rather strange and laughable at the same time.It also gives the viewpoint of Manson himself, with interviews, quotes, press releases and biographical information. His comments about Richard Nixon condemning him as a guilty man, while Nixon sends young men to Vietnam to get killed, was particularly interesting.It's a very long, detailed account about the murders that would mark the end of an era, and one of the most notorious crimes in history. A book highly recommended for anyone interested in law, or anyone remotely interested in the Manson cult and/or ideology.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: Biotutor might not be the most entertaining software on the planet, but it certainly gives extra curriculum for the average student in Biology. Beside, Biotutor has explanations and notes, which can be useful if you miss a class or are too lazy too take notes. It has plenty of extra exercises that will help you be successful in Bio. The tutor softwares are actually the best review for the SAT II exams in biology, chemistry, and physics. So you might as well take this in consideration before you judge this program.Alex.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This set is essential to making fun layouts with some bridges likeThomas & Friends Wooden Railway - Collapsing Sodor Suspension Bridgeand the Thomas & Friends Play and Go Storage Box. Both of these products have slots on both sides, creating a need for a double tabbed pieces. This set comes with 3 of these double tabbed pieces.The cost may seem high, but compared to other manufacturers track, the Thomas track is much higher quality. Functionally, they are the same... but the Thomas track is thicker, more consistent in wood grain color, has the rail ties etched/stamped, and has a tread stamped into the track.

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: I'm glad I read the reviews! I agree, if I can't choose my color I don't want to order. There is another box, very similar (doesn't lock) where I can choose my color. That one I will order. Thanks for all YOUR reviews!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: In June of 1966 (Yes, 6/66), Rosemary Woodhouse gave birth to Satan's son, Adrian. This movie details how she came to be begotten by the Devil and the plot of her husband and neighbors in order to give the world over to Satan.Honestly, one cannot ask more from a horror movie. Sans any special effects, it's all up to the story, acting, and directing to pull it all off, and they all work perfectly together to appropriate the correct mood.Roman Polanski said of the book, "At first I thought it was a soap opera, and then I found myself reading it at four in the morning with my eyes burning." So the directing goes. Mia Farrow's acting is of young innocence that seems rather childish in some parts, but profoundly adult in others: she is a young woman with hopes and dreams and worst of all, fears. Rosemary's concern is never for herself, even as she discovers the plot against her; it's for her child.Better, the audience is never really sure she's not insane. As the plot thickens away from cheery city life towards claustrophobic fear of entrapment, even as we sympathize with Rosemary her angst, her outward worry is not sympathetic to a world where everyone acts as if all is normal. For all we know, nothing could be wrong at all.Then we find ourselves at the end, the coup de grace of horror movie design, where she makes a decision that is sure to shock even the most blase of viewers.The cinematography in this film is amazing. At one point she's looking at a clock and it seems to warp in space and grow further away from her, fitting her insecurity expressionistically perfectly. Simple things like doorways are shown as if there's no mystery behind them at all, yet as they are opened they become forboding.For horror fans, there is little better.--PolarisDiB

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: In 1980, I successfully climbed Mt. Rainier, reaching the &quot;true&quot; summit. It took several attempts because of weather. It was hard work. But after reading Lene's book, I came to realize how strenuous and physically challenging it is to climb Everest. I was not aware of all the work and risks that are taken just to prepare for the final assault. Lene proved herself, showing incredible strength, fortitude and emotion. There must have been such a terrible sense of despair and fear knowing that death was probably inevitable and no help available.Lene gives the reader another perspective of this awesome event, using her professional knowledge as a clinician and writer. I would recommend everyone who has followed this climbing event, either from past magazine articles and stories, or from the several books written about this Everest climb, to read this book.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: Like anyone else reading this, I am a huge Barbra fanand have been since I first saw the "Funny Girl" movie.For 40 years I've been thrilled, amused, moved, occasion-ally disappointed, charmed, and awed by her talent.I saw her in concert in 1994 at Madison Square Garden,and it was one of the concert thrills of my life. Hervoice still had such power and magnificence, and toexperience it as it actually emanated from her vocalcords and into my ears was just a dream come true.After that I never tried to get tickets to see heragain because I knew it could never be better thanthat time. BUT, listening to this CD, I regretnot going to see her last year. Is her voice better?Absolutely not. As has been discussed in the otherreviews, there are signs of aging that you simplycannot hide. A bit of huskiness in the lower regis-ter, and those once-effortless high notes requirea lot more effort. There is simply no comparing thepower of her voice 30 years ago with the way shesounds now. HOWEVER, I think we need to focus onwhat her voice still IS. It is still a beautifulinstrument, more expressive than most other singersout there. That lush Streisand tone has only gottenricher, IMHO. Such a sound! And what Mother Naturehas diminished has been more than made up for bythe grace, humor and sublime interpretive skillsthat Barbra displays now, as much as ever...maybe more.I wasn't prepared to be so moved by this recording.It sounds like she's having the time of her life, andthe song selection includes many songs she hasn'tsung in years. The humor and brass of "Down With Love"and the bittersweet regret of "Have I Stayed TooLong At The Fair" are just two highlights. (I thinkher special guests Il Divo are dreadful, but whatever.)I also think that this version of "The Way We Were" isby far her best live one. After all these years, tobreathe new meaning into that old warhorse....well,that's what we call "art". If you're expecting the"Broadway Album" voice, you may be disappointed. Butif you want to hear a singer so alive and geniune thatit will give you a lump in your throat, buy this.It's a keeper. A+!!

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: The best part of the story is when Vanessa gets what she deserves at the end. I laughed and laughed.You've got to read this book!!

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: Easy way to get video from a digital video camera to your computer. You will need a special port on your computer to use this.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: Gods and Monsters is a work of fiction based on fact. James Whale was a great director at Universal that created the horror genre and most remembered for his films Frankenstein, Bride of Frankenstein, The Invisible Man and Show Boat with Irene Dunne. And he was openly gay.Ian McKellan plays Whale and Lynn Redgrave his devoted servant Hannah. In the film, they have added a character of Boone (Brenden Frasier). Boone is a gardener and cuts the lawn at Whale's estate. Boone also represents an alter ego of the Frankenstein monster (including a hair cut that resembles a flat top.)The film takes place during the final years of Whale's life. He has had a couple of minor strokes that disrupts his thought filters. Therefore, little things make is mind wander to other times. The film floats from the present to Whale's childhood to the filming of Bride of Frankenstein.Whale becomes infatuated with Boone, not sexually but as the personification of the his creature. He starts by drawing them, then he befriends him. Boone cannot understand this platonic relationship but accepts it. The film ends with Whale's drowning death.Ian McKellan and Lynn Redgrave give master classes in acting and both received Oscar nomination - both should have won. Brendan Frasier continues his dichotomy of performances, wonderful nuanced performance like this followed by mind numbing drivel (which, I guess, pays the bills.)DVD EXTRAS:Director CommentaryThe World of Gods and Monsters - A very well made 30 minute making of documentary featuring cast, director and guest commentary by director Clive Barker.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: Before I begin my review, I would like to say this: art is not a fact, it is a personal opinion. So to all of the Bj&ouml;rk fans, like myself, do not harass people who are not able to appreciate her music. It doesn't mean they're stupid, it doesn't mean they're ignorant, it doesn't mean they don't know art. Everyone has different opinions and they are entitled to share them. With that said, I will move on...I had been anticipating the release of this album for what seems like forever. I watched the podcasts and the little "vlips" on YouTube. I checked her website daily. So when the day finally came, I was unbelievably excited. Upon first listen, I was very disappointed. For an album entitled 'Volta,' I was expecting, you know... voltage, energy. I thought this was going to be 100% upbeat. I got the wrong impression. (Mind you, before hearing the whole album, the only songs I had heard were "Earth Intruders" and "Innocence." I resisted downloading the leaked version.) I'd say the albumn is half up-tempo and the other half is composed of slower songs.I was ready to post a three star review on here, but instead, I chose to give it another listen. The initial shock was now gone, and I was able to appreciate 'Volta' for what it is. I was looking for the raw energy in all the wrong places. I was looking at the surface and thought that just becuase the LP is not all fast-paced, that it lacked in charge. But what I realized the second time around was that the energy is here, in the emotion that Bj&ouml;rk delivers with each note and lyric she sings. Bj&ouml;rk's vocals are better than ever on here, the production is superb, the lyrics are amazing and the brass ensemble adds shockingly beautiful elements to this tribal album. This is arguably Bj&ouml;rk's most well-rounded work to date; it has the fun and mainstream elements of Debut, the experimentation of Post, the raw emotion of Homogenic, the softness of Vespertine and the primitive, tribal elements of Medulla. Wow! I would review song by song, but I'll keep it short.Now, don't get me wrong. There are still one or two dull patches throughout the album and it will take even more getting used to... but when all is said and done, 'Volta' is another excellent, beautiful piece of work to add to Bj&ouml;rk's discography. If you are a fan of hers', this is a must-have. If you are not, I still encourage you to take a chance and try this out. I did so with her last album, Medulla, and I do not regret it. Well done, Bj&ouml;rk!*The limited edition has a thicker case. (It's the same material used for the original digipak, though.) The packaging and contents is a bit different and expanded from the normal edition. The two flaps are held together with a slightly larger sticker, with a gold outline instead of the regular white. It has the CD and a DVD with the album in 5.1 and DTS. The discs are not contained in any plastic tray, but rather in a puzzle of little boxes/sleeves. There are 5 cardboard sleeves. Each one has a photo of Bj&ouml;rk with the flame letters like the ones in the standard edition booklet and the back of the sleeves are all funky, Volta-ish colors. They diminish in size with each one and in the last sleeve are two thin, paper, orange and red sleeves that hold the discs. This edition also has a different booklet. There are no pictures in it, since they're already on the cardboard sleeves, so there's more room for the lyrics. Each song has its own page. Hope that helped. To me, it was definitely worth the purchase and I think any Bj&ouml;rk fan who likes Volta will be satisfied.*

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: This is it - the purest expression of Varg Vikernes' philosophy. The guitars are beautifully ugly, the drums are at their primitive best, the vocals are still the rawest ever in black metal, and the synths make the whole thing feel ethereal, other-worldly, and dreamlike. It's like wandering through a darkly beautiful mountain landscape - hungered, violent, solitary, godless (to quote Nietzsche). The whole thing is topped off with a long synth instrumental that sounds like the aural personification of ice.The lyrics (in Norwegian), contrary to common view (and regardless of Varg's personal opinions), are not Satanic, Nazi or even racist - they are either personal in nature or describe various Norse myths.There's not much more to say about Hvis Lyset Tar Oss, other than it is an experience not meant for all. Approach at your own risk, and don't be ashamed if you run screaming from the darkness.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I have recently watched Ryan's Daughter on VHS about three times, after not having seen it in over 30 years.The cinematography is out of this world, and where all the villagers went down to the sea is so gripping that the viewer could be swept into the sea having to watch for his or her life. David Lean makes all the characters very real. What a powerful figure John Mills played as the village idiot. Father Collins plays a country priest in this village along the west coast of Ireland, but he has tremendous knowing of the people and of life in general. Rosy Shaughnessey is the young dreamer who falls in love with the dashing young British officer, and Rosy's husband, Charles who is much older than Rosy kindly keeps in the background, hoping the romance will die a natural death. Some of the village characters are utterly vicious, and you are made to feel an intense dislike for them.The political situation between England and Ireland is clearly defined throughout the movie.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I finished three-quarters of this entire book in less than a week; the first novel of the three in less than two days. That's how good "The Forsyte Saga" is. Galsworthy's writing style is incredible; it's no wonder that this is the novel that won him the Nobel Prize. The story and characters are so captivating that it just drives you onward and onward until the end. The Forsytes themselves are an intriguing lot--especially poor Soames. There's an instinct for the reader to dislike him, and yet Galsworthy shows that he has true human feelings, just like anyone else. His love for Irene and his passionate desire to be loved back is heartbreaking. The morals that Galsworthy incorporates makes the book complete, making it a true monument of literature.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: The key to enjoying the original Foundation trilogy is to understand that the three novels which make up the "trilogy" are not really novels. They are a series of interconnected stories written over time. Foundation is actually 5 short stories. Because of this the stories vary in quality.The second book, Foundation and Empire is actually two stories. The first is called The General, and tells the story of the empire's last ditch effort to conquer the foundation. The weakness of the first story is that all the action takes place off page. We never see any of the actual combat, we just read the characters talking about it. Also, the resolution comes way too quickly. It feels like Asimov had reached his page limit and decided to end the story as quickly as he could.The second story, called The Mule, is the real draw here. All the previous stories presented a challege for the foundation to overcome. However, it was always expected that the foundation would triumph based on the long term scientific predictions of its founder. The Mule throws in a variable that was not predicted. The appearance of a mutant who swiftly moves to conquer the various planets left in the wake of the old empire's collapse. Ultimately, he sets his sights on the foundation. The best part of the story is a visit to the ruins of the planet Trantor. Former capital of the galactic empire.Having finished this second book, I have come to realize that the Foundation trilogy, while entertaining is certainly not Asimov's best work. Time is not always kind to science fiction and all of these early stories were written before 1950, when Asimov was still a young writer. I plan to continue on to the next book, but I no longer expect to be overwhelmed by the classic status these stories have achieved.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I did like this initially, and thought this type of lid would be more secure and splatter-proof. But it can be a pain to clean, and still splatters even if I pre-treat the rice. After having this a year, the plastic never seems to look or smell right no matter how hard I clean it. I stopped making soups and steaming and decided to just stick to rice because of the "smell" factor to the plastic. My teflon pan is discolored too - although I'm very careful to only use plastic with it and gentle cleansers. I hesitate between a 2 or 3 star review because...the Sanyo is cute , it has cooked rice predictably, and for the first couple months I really liked it. It just doesn't seem to hold up to long-term use. Ironically,I picked up an old Hitachi chime-a-matic for $3 at a thrift store, and like it a lot more than my Sanyo (which will be going to goodwill). I like the removable lid better on the Hitachi, and the aluminum pan (in Teflon vs. aluminum, I actually feel better about aluminum).

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: This movie has no redeeming qualities...

review/helpfulness: 14/16
review/text: I am not a big fan of non-fiction history books. I find them hard to concentrate on because there are so many facts that they become overwhelming. But We Are Witnesses is a non-fiction history book that I liked. First, I liked it because it was set during WWII, which is something I am interested in. Secondly, this book is about five teenagers, which I can relate to because I am in the same age group. Each of their diaries was found. They all were Jewish, they all died.In We Are Witnesses there are five main characters, David Rubinowicz, Yitzhak Rudashevski, Moshe Flinker, Eva Heyman, and Anne Frank. There is a whole chapter on each one of them. They all have the same big conflict, the Nazis. The Nazis forced the Jews to move into a ghetto, and each character had to do that. They all lived in different parts of Europe. They all had money issues. But each one was unique in their own way. For example, Yitzhak joined a club that would meet and do research projects, and learn a few new things. This was Yitzhak's favorite time of day. Eva Heyman admired her mother and wanted to be just like her. Each day was a struggle to live. There was barely enough food for any of them to eat. They all had to put their faith in God, that He would save them from the power of the Nazis.Each character had their own religious beliefs but Moshe Flinker's was the most unique of all. He believed that if the Germans kept on taking over more land and the Jews kept on being killed then, when it seemed like all hope was lost, God would save the Jews from the Nazis. Moshe Flinker's story also was one that stuck out in my mind because he almost made it to Vichy France, which was a part of France that was not taken over by the Germans. Another memorable story was when David Rubinowicz was forced to move from his house and into a ghetto, but he many times was able to walk to his old house. One of the times he witnessed a Jew getting shot right in front of him.From the very beginning of the book, the author tells that all of the characters die. They all did, but their life stories will be something that you never will forget. Overall I would recommend this book to anyone who likes non-fiction history books. There were very good parts to the book but also some bad parts. The bad parts were where it got confusing. For example, when the author got into too much detail about a character's life. Also when Moshe Flinker tried to explain his religious beliefs it got very confusing. Although I knew the deaths of all the characters were certain from the beginning, I wanted to read this book because these people had to live with fear every day. But each one was strong enough to not let that fear get to them, and tried to live their lives like you and me.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Recordings has this interesting habit of containing works of composers of different periods of their careers. Is that a good thing? Indeed, since it's fascinating of how much the composer's music change in terms of idiom, communication, maturity, &amp; so forth as the years passed by.Boris Nikoleyevich Lyatoshynsky (1895-1968) had written his first symphony by 1919 whereas the symphonic ballad, Grazhyna, was completed by 1955. The symphony, in three movements, is a work having traceable influences of both Gliere &amp; Scriabin, with a hint of Wagner &amp; Rachmaninoff. It's a youthful yet a daring work, with the outer movements having virtually no restraints as far as expressionism is concerned. Whereas the 1st &amp; 3rd movements are dramatic, powerful, &amp; heroic, the 2nd movement is mournful, beautiful, yet mystic. It is where one notices Gliere's &amp; Scriabin's influence more readily. Nevertheless, the symphony is refreshing, &amp; served as a very important step for Lyatoshynsky in finding his voice, &amp; the voice of the Ukraine. In fact, Lyatoshynsky's first symphony is generally regarded as the first Ukrainian symphony as a matter of importance in the development of Ukrainian music.Grazhyna was composed in commemoration of the centenary of the death of Adam Mickiewicz, a great Polish poet. Lyatoshynsky was very fond of Polish culture &amp; heritage, &amp; has attended many of it's cultural events. The symphonic ballad begins &amp; ends in a similar fashion to Rachmaninoff's Symphonic Poem &quot;Prince Rostislav&quot;: mystic, mournful, very quiet, muted strings, with theme played by the woodwind (the cor anglais in Grazhnya). The work picks up the pace, with drama &amp; heroics dominating the work until a funeral march sets in. Unlike the first symphony, Grazhyna is somewhat more restraint &amp; mature, but no less appealing. It's a work of substance &amp; heartfelt homage to the Poet instrumental in shaping the culture of Poland.The performances of Theodore Kuchar &amp; the Ukrainian State Symphony Orchestra (now the Ukrainian National Orchestra) were blistering, highly passionate &amp; sonorous (more so than the one with Gnadesh conducting the same emsemble, with the recording re-issued by Russian Disc). The recording is perfect.Recommendable to the upmost!!!

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Richard Watt has produced a readable volume that recounts the only period of modern Polish independance prior to the current one. It's complete, and seems to cover the issues reasonably well. Looming over the whole book is the figure of Jozef Pilsudski, the father of modern Poland, and he is reasonably well-described here. Good book, though the writing, while reasonable, isn't on the Barbara Tuchman-Robert Massie skill level writing-style wise.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This album was not death metal or even thrash metal by today's standards. It was, however, an incredible debut that I ended up owning on cassette, album form, and finally, CD. Unfortunately, Nasty Savage sounded best when they werent trying to be heavy. Some bands do (Metallica, Possessed come to mind immediately), just check out the incredible original version of XXX (available on Metal Massacre 6) and then listen to the much faster, more aggressive, and much less interesting version on the CD 'Indulgence' and see what I mean.)This album is actually very good "idontknowwhatyouwouldcategorizethisstuffas" metal for this time period. For some reason, they decided to use more death metal growls and faster beats on future records and that made them sound like they were trying to do too much....This album is their crowning glory.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: ...I haven't bought the DVD yet. Loved/still love the movie as it was. But please don't just write movie reviews. I would primarily like to hear about shipping satisfaction and whether or not you think the DVD format/editing/quality etc. are to your expectations. Did you accidentally buy widescreen and want to warn others not to if they don't like letter-boxing? I ask reviewers to please remember to include product information. Thanks.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: Film and television actor Jed Allan is best known for the roles that he has played on day-time soap operas such as "Days of Our Lives", "Santa Barbara", "Port Charles", and "General Hospital" (where he currently plays Edward Quartermaine). Please, Spell The Name Right is a simply fascinating personal memoir by a veteran of the entertainment industry and a consummate actor who is much more than just another popular leading man in daytime TV. Readers will learn of his roles on programs ranging from Lassie, Walker: Texas Ranger; and Mod Squad; to Beverly Hills 90210, Love American Style, and Street of San Francisco. Here are to be found Jed Allan stories of fellow actors and entertainers Peter Falk, Milton Berle, Robert Redford, Buddy Hackett, Telly Savales, Michael Douglas, Chuck Norris, and Mary Tyler Moore. Please, Spell The Name Right is a considerable cut above the usual Hollywood memoir and a "must read" for Allan's legions of fans!

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Return Of The Killer Tomatoes is a film about many things. Product placement, TV news, big breasted babes in bikinis, Michael Jackson, Miami Vice, the Pope, scams, peanut butter on pizza and many other fads of the 80's. Starring such greats as George Clooney, John Astin and, of course, Karen Mistal (who has the best bottom of any B-movie actress I have ever seen) this is NOT as funny as the first but still has a ton of laughs within its many scenes.But under all the humor is a serious view about how people felt about the last, closing years of the Cold War against Communism. In a time when the Red Menace was seen as giant ants or aliens from space the director was brave enough to show that not all Communists, who were represented by the tomatoes, were bad. Chad, the always confused main male character, falls in love with Tara, a tomato-woman(but then who won't fall in love with a smart, willing, good cooking, great dressing tomato?). And FT, played by FT,(who as we all know become a huge star in the film industry as while as live theater in Europe), starred as the socialist with a heart of gold, who was even willing to put his own life in danger for the American way of life. THIS is a B-MOVIE to beat all B-movies. And remember, Tomorrow IS another day!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Jenna Reid has produced a debut solo cd of sheer quality from start to finish. This young woman is such a stunning live performer its a joy to see she has produced an equally impressive studio recording. Stripped bare of over production lets her talent be heard. Fiddle playing of the highest order

review/helpfulness: 5/26
review/text: My High school english teacher swore that this was God's gift to literature. I tend to disagree. I understand what Garcia Marquez is trying to get at with his symbolism, but the reptitious names and slow plot make a good book lag.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: The beautiful 224 page, 8 1/2 x 11&quot; softbound book contains more than 500 full color, sharp, large photos. '98 values. There are 70 topics ranging from angels, baseball, dolls, expositions to Uncle Sam, women, wringers and washing. There's plenty of background information on each topic. A useful glossary of terms is provided. A must for tradecard collectors. Fascinating to read and refer to.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: I have bought dockers for years but these are cut smaller than they usually are. Even with the "stretch" waist band they are tight. So much for an "extra" inch. Beware. Try these in a store before you buy.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Markham's book on Napolean is incredibly fast paced. Napolean's life could (and often does) fill volumes, but Markham fits it all in a surprisingly small book. I bought this book on a recommendation from a history professor with the intention of quickly filling in a gap of history that I was less informed about. Essentially, it did just that. You could almost compare the book to a large encyclopedia entry. Not that it's bland or dry, but it is informative and sans literary fluff.Overall, however, I enjoyed the book and would definitely would recommend it to anyone seeking to quickly grasp who Napolean was and how his life shaped Europe. A great introduction to this overwritten topic.

review/helpfulness: 1/7
review/text: Who gave this guy a music contract? This song is so terrible and overplayed. Plus the guy can't sing he sounds like he is whining. Stay away from this song!!

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: &quot;Atomic Dog&quot; is so cold that after all these years party people still hurry to the dance floor on it--I've even seen't kcowboys line dancin' and doin' the Cotton-Eyed Joe on it. I guess evvy stray dawg will have his day and evvy computer playa will have a game. Thanx, Dr. Clinton, for programming this p-funky entropy.

review/helpfulness: 0/8
review/text: This is a god-sin for my wife...She is weak in her ability to grab a jar lid and twist to open it. Thank you for advertising an item like this...

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: Probably the best economics book ever written for the non-economist, and that means most politicians and media people... who desperately need this type of knowledge

review/helpfulness: 12/13
review/text: Forget all the mystique and technical commentary about Coltrane -- this is an experience for every listener. You do not need to be a 'jazz expert' (whatever that means) or consumed by religion to appreciate this. 'A Love Supreme' is one of the most accessible, powerful works of popular music in existence. It transcends the genre -- read the reviews, there are plenty of listeners for whom this was their first or second jazz album. If you are new to Coltrane or to jazz, you won't go wrong by starting here.I once read, in a comparison between Coltrane and Stan Getz -- another outstanding tenor sax -- that while you admired Getz' incredible technique or the way he interpreted a particular passage, with Coltrane you were taken by the immensity of the experience. 'A Love Supreme' is exactly that -- a wave of sound, from Coltrane's incomparable saxophone to McCoy Tyner's piano, Garrison's bass and Elvin Jones unforgettable percussion. If you're looking for background music or easy listening, look elsewhere. For 35 minutes of some of the most powerful music of the past century, five stars isn't enough.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: First off, this book is a fascinating read - John Douglas has taken some of the most fascinating cases in crime history, and offered compelling arguments and evidence for, or against, the accuseds in each case. I love true-crime books, and this one is very interesting, with its descriptions of what evidence the authorities had to work with.But on the other hand; it's when he goes off on one of his tangents; that if the authorities had done "this, this, and this", and if he had been around to have his hand in the older cases, he would have had the cases locked up. It's easy to criticize from a distance of years; but I'll bet there were quite a few competent investigators on the case, who did the best they could with what they had at the time.The author's shameless patting himself on the back in his books is incredibly annoying, to the point where I just fast-forward past it to the objective parts.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: This music is some of the best jazz I've heard in a while. I wasn't all that into dizzy until I heard this and realized how he personifies modernity, and not just because these recordings are from the museum of modern art. I find this stuff every bit as mesmerizing as other 60s jazz like coltrane. I like it better than dizzy's newport disc.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: COLOUR ON CLOTH: CREATE STUNNING EFFECTS WITH DYE ON FABRIC tells how to use dye on fabric, offering easy techniques, photos of finished fabrics, and discussions of direct dyeing, layered dyeing, pattern dyeing, and more. Textile artist Ruth urges you to develop your own creativity throughout, offering color photos, charts, and discussions of a range of options and approaches. Any needlework or fabric art library needs this.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: A friend suggested this herb to me to help with my awful PMS. After taking Vitex for only three days during PMS, I began to feel horrible: very irritable, nauseous and foggy. After doing some research, I found that a percentage of women react very negatively to this herb -- some people remarked that they initially felt better, but then progressively felt worse and thought they were going crazy; some said they immediately felt terrible. I guess it's a gamble that many of us are willing to take to feel better though. Wish it had worked!

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: This is the gem of the Wayne/Ford Calvary trilogy, and I am delighted it's finally coming to DVD.But a question: Can anyone heal me of the following misjudgment?Try as I may, I cannot shake off my estimation of Fort Apache as a more complete and substantially higher overall cinematic accomplishment in comparison with The Searchers.Partly it may consist in the fact that The Searchers is a great movie to watch -- and watch again -- but Fort Apache somehow succeeds as a more nearly perfect, complete and wholly rounded experience. The Searchers shines due to its externals, but Apache proceeds and then later culminates in a richer, deeper and more satisfying way, and the whole movie experience resonates with you in a way that The Searchers does not quite achieve.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This is a fine blend of food, sex, travel and a good adventure in Italy. The writer has the ability to take his reader to the places and experience them in a fun way! I recommend you read this debut novel!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Any sports enthusiasts who owned a Dreamcast will remember Sega's NHL 2K series which began with the lackluster NHL 2K, and ended with NHL 2K2 (the last Dreamcast game) which re-defined the way video game hockey should be. Developer Visual Cocnepts went for the most realistic feel of the NHL they could go for, and came up with the most realistic playing hockey video game to date. Now, enter NHL 2K3: the series debut on all home systems. The feel of the game is as real as ever: the goalies are stingy and so is the defense (you will fight to get a shot off), the user options are incredibly deep (you'll never see a line manager option like this again), and the game is instantly replayable. You can set up on the fly strategy and play changes while your playing, and your team mates act and respond well and help set up the plays. Let me say now that this is no "let's go score ten goals in the first period and win every game in the season" type NHL game, the only thing more real is lacing up the skates and getting on the ice. Graphics wise the players move near realistically, and the animation is mostly smooth but some glitches can become apparent now and then. The crowd is just as it was in NHL 2K2; so-so. Controls eventually become second nature once you play the game for a while and discover all it has to offer. All in all, despite the ESPN gimmick, NHL 2K3 is the best hockey video game available right now, and it blows EA's NHL 2003 out of the water.

review/helpfulness: 21/23
review/text: This is just as good or even better that it predecessor, Jean de Florette (1986). It is amazing how well thought out the story is. Like a Greek tragedy, everything falls into place, everything is accounted for as fate conspires with character to bring about retribution for those who did wrong. We feel sad and sorry for Papet and Ugolin, whose weaknesses and "crimes" are so like our own.Daniel Auteuil, who plays Ugolin, is a actor with great range and sensitivity. He is unforgettable here as a not-too-bright peasant who suffers an excruciating and hopeless case of unrequited love. And Yves Montand, who plays his uncle is flawless, like an Olivier, as he experiences a very cruel turn of fate. Emmanuelle B&eacute;art, who plays Manon, is very beautiful, but she is also strange enough to be believable in an unlikely role as a solitary shepherdess of the hills of Provence.Claude Berri's direction is so perfectly paced, so full of attention to detail and so unobtrusive and natural that the film just seems to happen without effort. Nothing fancy, just show what needs to be seen, no more. Use no more words than necessary, but all that are necessary. It's almost like magic, how easy it looks. The scene near the end when the blind woman reveals the cruel turn of fate to Papet is exquisite in its simplicity and its effectiveness.In a sense this movie is a throw back an earlier era in cinema when careful attention to the construction of a character-driven story was the essence of the art.

review/helpfulness: 19/25
review/text: And not in an acceptable sense of the word!They took an excellent ghost story and tried to do something with it.The problem is that they relied way way way too heavily on special effects. Don't believe me? Watch the original. It will have your skin crawling and had very little special effects.Why do they have to try to rework something that is perfect? I don't get it.If Hollywood is going to rework a masterpiece, then play it straight. Just because you can do all sorts of things with special effects doesn't mean you have to try to put them in remakes, especially if the original is perfect!

review/helpfulness: 2/13
review/text: Honestly i cant really see why this book in particular is so great as to deserve a nobel prize, just this book at least. I havnt read any of the authors other works, which may be a little more deserving. Anyhow, the book is genuinely origional. The idea of a story that goes through a whole family's rise and fall was great, the repetiton of names, however much it was needed for the underlying ideology of the story, got to be a little too much for me to bear though, bordering on annoyance. The book itself never really drew me into it either, too many parts of it read like a history textbook, by the time the last few chapters rolled around I was just reading to finish it up, desperately hoping for something to save it, and the ending, however meaningful, was too little too late. The book did have its moments, dont get me wrong, but for me the cons too much outwieghed the pros.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: this is a cool toy because it comes with 16 itim pluse 2 sticks and it can fire a missel this is a cool toy

review/helpfulness: 17/18
review/text: What an informative, well-presented, clearly explained, must-have book! The practical details and concise, complete explanations take the mystery out of veneering. The five projects Mr. Burton walks the reader through answer questions I didn't realize I'd have until in the middle of a project.I thoroughly enjoyed his practical wit, the use of many low-tech (low-cost, too) techniques, and the in-depth way the pictures supplemented the text.I'll buy any woodworking book this man writes. He knows what he's talking about!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I've been through two of the Apple adapters and they are terrible. This adapter works well with a G3 iBook. The laptop connecter is sturdier and other components appear to be adequate. A small blue led on the transformer indicates that the adapter is functional. I'm very pleased with this product which costs less than half the price of Apple's sexy but hopelessly flawed accessory.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: I have not listened to this disc in some time so keep that in mind as I tell you that I remember it being decent, but nothing outstanding. Being a prog fan, some will probably want to horse-whip me after learning that I have never really listened to Fates Warning much-yet. I've been meaning to get into more of their stuff, but well, you know how life is....That said, I specifically remember the opening track being OUTSTANDING. The rest has not stuck in my head, but I will give it another chance. Perhaps there are better FW albums I should explore-I want to give them the benefit of the doubt after the glowing things I've read about them...

review/helpfulness: 16/16
review/text: Installation was straightforward using the enclosed template. Once mounted, the height of the TV is fixed. However, the mount offers tremendous flexibility in orienting our TV for various viewing situations (tilt, swivel, & roll - or whatever you want to call them). The installation instructions were mis-printed, but it was easy to download the latest for this product from the manufacturer's site.This is a very solid and functional product, and we'd certainly buy it again.

review/helpfulness: 8/14
review/text: Definitely an interesting book, but "not quite there." Lazare's understanding of the strucutrual problems as they relate to the Constitution and slavery was very good, and, indeed, many on both the pro-slavery and abolitionist side argued against the Constitution as it stood.Where Lazare goes wrong is in the later years. His analysis of the drug war and the government policies that, in effect, subsidized suburbia, were both good, but not really having anything to do with the Constitution, either that I could judge or he could coherently argue. His overarching strucutural approach led him to see a systemic failure when others may see only a failure of policy. To impute the former from the latter simply begs the question.I'm also not sure why he thinks that government would become more progressive as a result of a more powerful House of Representatives. The notion that many different groups have varied, legitimate, but ultimately incommensurate views regarding what government can and should do presents a blindspot for Lazare. To take his example of the drug war, while it is true that medical marijuana resolutions do well, very few politicians, other than New Mexico Gov. Gary Johnson have been elected on a pro-legalization platform. If anything, the prevailing rhetoric has been to get "tough on crime." Yet, Lazare thinks that more direct democracy can and will lead to greater progressivism. Maybe we're better with checks and balances. Also worth noting is that a lot of the strength of American Democracy is that, to use the hoary old cliche, it's a republic of laws, not men. An overarching legal framework has some value, then.Interestingly, some issues where the Constitution, at least as presently interpreted, may present issues he'd want to discuss, went missing. No real discussion of Campaign finance appeared, and he did not mention voter turnout, once. Does low voter turnout have anything to do with the Constituion? Well, not really, unless you want to use Lazare's ideology, in which the lack of good public transit does. Nevertheless, these strike me as the real issues facing American democracy, but they don't require constitutional overhaul to address.I also think he does himself a disservice by not really considering any prevailing theories of jurisprudence other than the bi-poles of William O. Douglas and Robert Bork. He also takes Bork's strict constructionism at face value, which is, while unfortunate, does serve his ultimate project."The Frozen Republic" is intersting in parts, but really, he's stretching quite a bit to make his criticisms of present policy and discourses a systemic attack on the Constitution, qua constitution.

review/helpfulness: 9/13
review/text: This book suffers from; 1. terrible writing and 2. a story that is only mildly interesting in the first place.The writing:Somewhere in the book it is mentioned that Holtel is a man of few words. This becomes painfully obvious in the first few pages of the book. The book is basically a day by day journal of his runs. Every day's entry reads pretty much the same - difficult hills, rocky descents, etc. He does little, if anything, to describe the beauty surrounding him, the people he encounters, or even a brief history of the trail.The story:The author likes to say that he "ran the Pacific Crest Trail". While this is technically true he did not cover it in one stretch - as I think most people would assume from this statement. It took him over three summers to cover the distance. This undoubtedly was a great way to spend three summers but in my book it doesn't make him out to be the great hero he would like to be.He also likes to repeatedly tell about how difficult it was and how amazed everyone he met on the way was when he told them what he was doing. This gets very tiresome very fast.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I've liked something from almost all of Dolly's periods - hard country, soft country, pop, pop-rock, country-pop - but her early recordings of classics like "Coat of Many Colors", "Jolene", "To Daddy" and "Travelling Man" were among my very favorites. I wasn't such a big fan of "Hungry Again", but the reviewers of "The Grass Is Blue" were right on target. This isn't just rabid fans of a singer saying that anything she sings is great. This is a superb bluegrass/country album, reams better than anything on the radio now, and I'm glad Dolly surrounded herself with the best players and pickers and went for broke. From the opening picking of "Traveling Prayer" you know you are in for all-out, pure bluegrass/country music,and Dolly's singing is the best and the least mannered in years. I love "Traveling Prayer", "Cash on the barrelhead", "Silver Dagger", and "Sleep with one eye open" (my favorite), but the whole album is fine. Only the title cut seems a little below par to me, but with the rest of the album so far above par, who cares? It's a bit of a shame this isn't selling better than it is - this is fine, fine music.

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: john cena has to be the worst actor in history, wiht corny quote and stare one after another, it just shows how fargone the world of film has become, i honestly cant belive how people can pay for this. not only is john cena annoying his acting is unbearable, its worse then wacthing george bush's innauguration...dont buy it, your waisting your money, its a joke, i honestly dont get how someone could watch him unless ypu think he attractive, which unless you like people who act what their not, then he's ur type john cena is the worst thing to happen to wrestling

review/helpfulness: 10/15
review/text: This soundtrack will knock your socks off. If you loved the game, you'll love this even more. The first thing that hit me was, &quot; Hey, i remember where you hear this....and thats when you do this.&quot; The songs are haunting, beautiful....and if you LOVE the Final Fantasy Soundtracks I definitely recommend this one.... I'd order it today!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I have used this airbed for 5 months, and it is rather comfortable. I keep it inflated for months, and use it as a permanent bed. I have observed no severe leakage. Once in a while, I would pump in more air to firm it up.I have the airbed sitting on carpet, and the airbed can slide a bit on the carpet when I get on or off it. Also, fitted sheets do not stay on well.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I gave this game to my son as an early birthday present. He's almost four and loves the Rescue Heroes. The reviews I read were mixed so I decided to buy it anyway. I'm really glad I did. Sure it's challenging, but it's a good excuse for the parents to get involved. First I did the hard parts for him, to show him what needed to be done. Then I guided him through them and finally he ended up doing it all by himself. He was so proud when he accomplished the hard tasks that he couldn't do at first!Unlike most computer games this one requires the use of the arrow keys instead of the mouse. Well, it's always nice to learn new skills.I can't wait to give my son the two other RH games I baught for his birthday. I have no doubt he'll love them too.

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: if you must prepare for TOEFL, this book can help you. now i'm use this book prerpare for TOEFL!

review/helpfulness: 13/13
review/text: I just received this today and while I knew to expect nothing hand crafted, I was shocked at how amazingly flimsy this thing really is. The bottom wood actually came with a huge crack; big enough to leak out all the sand. The feet were glued on with cheap glue and 3 of the 4 came off in transit. Based on the construction, I'm amazed it was even in one piece.The reason this gets 2 stars is that the accessories are pretty decent. And the sand looks fine. If this wasn't cracked in the center, I'd most likely have kept it and it would have "worked" for its purpose. Having said that, if you are looking for a desktop zen garden, look elsewhere.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: If you've seen the original Rollerball staring James Caan, then you'll probably want to give this remake a miss. It is no longer set in a future controlled by corporations, it is set in the near present which is pretty much like reality. The hero doesn't hold a candle to James Caan.It does have plenty of action, if mindless action is to your taste. The rollerball arena is poorly designed which makes following the action difficult at times. The villiam is just another greedy businessman/crook with nothing to make him stand out from a 1000 other businessman/crooks in other movies.My adive? Save your money and get a copy of the original Rollerball.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: I ordered this DVD and received a substitute I never received the DVD I ordered from Importcds (the Vendor). I contacted them and did not recieve any feedback. I can't rate a DVD I have never seen. I didn't bother to send it back because it would have cost me more that I orginally paid for it. In the future I will watch for the name of the person and/or persons I am buying from. I thought they were a good company. I understand a simple mistake but, to not get a response at all is not good businees sense. I spend hundreds of dollars a month on Amazon.com building my DVD collection. I guess I will be more careful in the future.

review/helpfulness: 6/9
review/text: I've tried a couple of times to read this book, and honestly, I never got past the first page. I think it's the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on a gullible literary world, and if James Joyce was sane (as I seriously doubt) then he must have had a huge laugh at its expense. However, I think he must've been totally nuts to write such garbed nonsense.I read the glowing reviews by other readers praising Joyce's &quot;genius&quot; and begin to doubt my own sanity. Is it possible I just can't read as well as I've always thought I can?However, I truly think they're just afraid to express their real opinion, after so many have called this thing a work of genius.

review/helpfulness: 7/10
review/text: After purchasing and watching this movie, I can see why there is such a cult following. The movie was obviously made with very little budget, but the quality blew me away. The movie follows a town that gets taken over by vampires. They attack innocent people and drink lots of blood. The similarities to other vampire movies stops there, however. The acting in this movie is non-existent, but the action explods off the screen. The gore and death scenes are great, and I was shocked (Thats real blood, people). Chainsaw weilding maniacs, and ghouls of the night.This movie took WAY too long in production, but the special features, and movie transfer are WELL worth the wait.Great (Dare I say "B") vampire genre film.Keep in mind this IS very low budget-so if you're expecting "Blade", you will be dissapointed.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Sandwiched between Raff's monumental 1st, 3rd, and 5th symphonies, we find 2 works which are much shorter in length, scope and vision.Symphonies 2 and 4 are, however, no less enjoyable than their towering neighbors.Of Raff's 11 outings in the symphonic genre, numbers 2 and 4 are unique in the fact that they are the only 2 without an accompanying title. They are also similar in the fact that the influence of Beethoven can be keenly felt throughout. It's almost as if they are in a sense Raff's homage to the great master.And what an homage they are!Don't get me wrong, the writing is unmistakably Raffian through and through, but Raff makes no bones about the fact that Beethoven was a major influence. In fact, the opening of the final movement of symphony 4 has a DIRECT QUOTATION from the choral movement of Beethovens 9th. It is not meant to be hidden, and is guaranteed to bring a smile to your face.Now, as for this recording of Symphony 2, there is much to love.Chalk full of dynamite melodic and thematic material, every movement is an absolute winner. No favorites here, and that is a rare statement for me.The 2 overtures on this disk are very good, but to be honest, I'd rather stick with the main course.A stunning, brilliant performance, excellent recording quality and equally good liner notes earn this CD my highest recommendation.Enjoy.PS-Don't lend it to a friend. You may never get it back.

review/helpfulness: 14/25
review/text: David Remnick's "Lenin's Tomb" is a book about the journalist's experiences just before and during the collapse of the USSR at the end of the 1980s. Using a chronological overview, Remnick describes what the Soviet Union was like under the reign of Gorbachov (or "Gorbachev" in US spelling) and his views on the various leaders, journalists, KGB officers, bureaucrats, dissidents and so on.Because Remnick goes almost entirely by interviews for his information, the book gives a very thorough biographical view of the times, but there is very little information on the general state of the country, economic and social causes for the collapse, and so on. Remnick's tone and style are very much like those of a tabloid investigative journalist, describing people and events mostly by way of the author's opinions and what the people he interviews look and act like. This has the benefit of giving one the impression of re-living the interactions with the famous of those years, but is far too shallow for any explanatory purpose.Additionally, Remnick has too obvious favorites among the people involved. Gorbachov is generally shown more negatively than often in the West, but that fits the overall negative appraisal given to him in Russia. But people like Yeltsin and Solzhenitsyn are praised endlessly and can practically do no wrong, even though there are serious issues with both. Sakharov in particular is elevated literally to the level of a modern saint by Remnick: he is never mentioned without describing his "saintliness", "superior morality", and so on. Now in many of the cases Remnick's qualifications of his interviewees seem deserved, but it does get annoying after a while. Better to let readers decide whom they like than to pre-ordain all this.Overall, the book is mostly useful as a collection of interviews of important people at the end of the 1980s, and as such it is very balanced in the kind of people interviewed. It fails entirely as anything more though, and should not be used as a serious explanatory book on the hows and whys of the USSR's collapse. And that is somewhat disappointing.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: This film is a treasure if you need to laugh, and want to laugh at how crazy most humans are. In viewing this film recently, I better understood what great comic and great actor Dudley Moore was. I miss him.Rex Harrison acted in the original version of this story. Dudley made the film so much more funny. By seeing both versions you can why Dudley was a comic genius. I miss him. Dudley makes clear what screwballs we humans are. And he takes ordinary script lines and makes them very funny. Many of the elements of a Shakespearean comedy are in this film, but unlike the plays, this film has a terrific music score, has beautiful photography, and has simple dialogue. What makes this film great, for those mature enough to understand it, is Dudley Moore. I am not sure, but, to me, the concert hall looks very much like the one at the California Institute of Technology.This film is a remake of the much earlier black-and-white version, and the remake, unlike most remakes, is superior to the original.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: when i opened the box, i was expecting two elephant charms. what did i get? one. come on. who would buy one?

review/helpfulness: 5/8
review/text: It's good to see Diane Lane enjoy a career renaissance after such a promising start nearly a quarter-century ago in George Roy Hill's "A Little Romance", as a prepubescent American falling in love with a Parisian boy, who whisks her away to Venice under the knowing eye of Laurence Olivier. Ironically, in this most recent movie, she plays an American woman, again in Italy, but this time escaping a broken marriage to find fulfillment in a Tuscan villa she decides to buy on the spot and renovate. Leave it to Lane to make it all look reasonable as what was precocious in the earlier movie has matured into a lovely sense of self-awareness and gravity in this film. And her beauty has become even more striking over the years. She has also become accomplished in displaying several emotions concurrently, layering her characters with a complexity of feelings so that you can never quite predict what she is thinking and what she will do next. Her post-coital train ride in Adrian Lyne's "Unfaithful" is a great example of this hard-earned skill. And Lane needs this skill in spades as she plays a fictionalized version of Frances Mayes, the author of the book upon which this greatly altered movie is based. The character seems to be longing for something she never quite figures out, and the actress convincingly portrays this sense of want. In fact, Lane almost saves this movie but not quite.At heart, this is a patronizing romantic fantasy that feels like it was produced in another era entirely, somewhere in the mid-fifties when Lane's character would be labeled a brazen, put-upon woman tainted by divorce. I kept expecting Rosanno Brazzi to come out and say something ridiculously continental to sweep her off her feet. Instead, we get Raoul Bava, who delivers the smoldering good looks but none of the irony of his rather trite Italian lover role. Lending even more color to the soap opera atmosphere is a gallery of eccentrics with an array of international accents who serve up allegorical fables and Hallmark-card advice to the heroine - an empathetic real estate agent who seems to have a crush on Frances (a flirtation I wish the director could have explored more); the young lovers who must deal predictably with the disapproval of the girl's strict parents; the rest of the inept but dedicated renovation crew; the English free-spirit who worked with Fellini and seems to have kept up her "la dolce vita" character in real life; the pregnant lesbian friend abandoned by her lover. Intentionally or not, Frances seems to help set all their lives on the right path, as the picturesquely run-down old villa gradually turns into the home of her dreams and serves as a life-affirming metaphor. So many contrivances riddle the story, especially toward the end when plot threads get tied up quickly. Frances' fate is not all that satisfying to the viewer either, and you know your plot is undercooked when a minor character is introduced in the last few minutes to provide romantic salvation. In truth, I am not sure how much better this movie could have been given the base material, as the story is nothing deeper than the Harlequin romance novels you find in the checkout line at Safeway. It just seems like there are lots of personal problems floating around the plot, but I have to give credit to Lane and director Audrey Wells who jointly make the film anything but sad. Add to that the travelogue aspect with the lovely cinematography by Geoffrey Simpson of Italy's beautiful landscapes, and you can think of worse ways to spend two hours. And watch it for the true coming-of-age of Diane Lane, radiant, gifted and far more deserving of material better than this.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: These plates arrived just as expected. NOte: They are heavy !! But boy, do they look great. The color is wild and fun, and are sure to make a statement on the table... Great quality...

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: A fantastic book with great stories of many a people. Unless pertaining an excellent vocabulary a dictionary or thesaurus can help with those words which look as if their been made up. These stories have a twist in almost every one of them and take you by surprise ensuring a smile upon ones face.

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: While A Rip In Heaven succeeds on a number of levels, it does so in spite of itself. Jeanine (Tink) Cummins literary device of writing in the third-person omniscient is grating to say the least. A compelling story of murder, rape, and police malfeasance is sidetracked by a gimmicky POV. Miss Cummins wants to be Truman Capote. Still, its a good story. The police again prove themselves to be clowns and the guilty parties are brought to justice by sheer luck. Gee! What a surprise... cops acting self-righteous and stupid. I swear, law enforcement must recruit at the Special Olympics. The account of their boorish and pompous behavior that almost sent an innocent person to jail should be a warning. THEY ARE NOT ALL HEROES!!!!!! In fact, very few are. Some cops are decent I'm sure (I'm still looking) although this account should dispel any notion that the police are always on the side of the angels. Jeanine Cummins' book is worth the price of admission if it causes the reader to look at police with a more jaundiced eye.Nevertheless, the fact that Cummins writes a first person account from an overly self aware third-person viewpoint is just plain distracting. Miss Tink, the story itself is interesting. Knowing that you cried a...well...a Mississippi River worth of tears and threw up a bazillion times adds nothing to the story.One other thing. If I were Tom Cummins, your brother, I'd want to hide under a rock after reading your account. Tom is portrayed as the biggest wuss on God's green earth. Tom can't fight, Tom cries when the police swear at him, Tom can't handle a night in a holding cell, Tom was humiliated, Tom felt like throwing up, etc. Thanks a heap, little sis, you've succeeded in totally emasculating your brother for all the world to see. In Tink's attempt at painting a sympathetic picture of her brother she has turned him into the biggest pansy imaginable.Okay, so what does reccomend this work? Thanks for asking. Jeanine Cummins is a capable writer. The story sucks the reader in and her sense of pacing is very good for a first time author. The book holds your attention and flows easily with only a few exceptions. So, criticisms aside, buy A Rip In Heaven. I look forward to reading her next book.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: >:I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying, not 1, what am gonna do with one?

review/helpfulness: 9/11
review/text: The HP LaserJet printers have been good to me over the years - first a 2, then a 3, then a 4p, a 5, a 6p, a color LaserJet 4500N, and now a 1022n. Out of the box, the 1022n is much faster than the older printers, even after I added memory to many of the older models. It's a bit louder as well, but the additional speed is worth it. The paper tray is much easier to manage in the 1022n. It couldn't have been easier to hook up - good riddance to the parallel port connection. I don't know how you can do better than HP LaserJets!

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: The Canterbury Tales is an entertaining romp through the Medieval English countryside. If you don't know what it's about, the Canterbury Tales is a collection of stories told by a group of pilgrims on their way to Canterbury Cathedral. The tales are told as a way to entertain each other on their journey and the one who tells the best tale will earn a fine meal paid for by the other travelers. This is actually an incomplete work as Chaucer died before completing it, but it is a fine example of early English literature and one of the most important pieces of the English Canon.The tales here vary in length and content as to the prologues and epilogues containing the goings on of the party members. Chaucer writes with a great sense of humor and, since he is writing in the language of the common folk, the content contains many lewd and bawdy jokes and events. It is a very entertaining read and if one wants more than just entertainment, there is a lot of social commentary about life in medieval England that can be gleaned throughout the text.I was a little unsure what to expect when I read this and don't be turned off by the introductory prologue in which our narrator introduces all of the characters. It can be a little long and dry in parts, but it helps to give a clear picture of the characters in the party as they interact with one another and tell their respective tales.Added note: I had to read this again for another class and this time we read it in the original Middle English. Having read the Canterbury Tales earlier, I appreciated the fact that I already had a handle on the general storyline of the tales and could instead concentrate on the nuances of the language and the beauty of the rhyme scheme. I thoroughly enjoyed this second time through the book.

review/helpfulness: 21/21
review/text: This is a fine table saw. It's easy to set up, smooth running, stable and sturdy, and it's easy on the back as it rolls on sturdy wheels. The few quibbles that I have are relatively minor and since the saw is new I may find other solutions over time. First, the fence adjustment is not as easy as it sounds and the manual is severely lacking in information. There are 4 allen screws on top of the fence and not two as the manual states. I had to play hit or miss to make the fence parallel to the blade. The scale layout for the fence is very ambiguous even with the magnifier. The centimeter scale is seen better than the inch one. The fence lock and adjustment is better on the Dewalt 10"; I like their rotating knob adjustment. Now the good stuff. The table itself is firm and steady and ready to rip full sheets of plywood. With the blade recessed I use it as workbench for sanding etc. because it is so big and steady. The table extension is great. The blade goes up and down smoothly and easily and the best part is the smoothness of the motor. It's quiet and strong and goes through 4x4 pressure treated stock like butter; hardwoods too. And the brake works perfectly. I haven't tried the miter guage yet so I can't comment but with minor tweaking this could be the best and smoothest portable on the market. Oh, and best of all I got this saw for under $500 with free shipping from Tyler Tool. What a deal.After using this saw for a while I want to downgrade it for several reasons mostly the fence. The adjustment is haphazard and inaccurate and does not stay square to the blade when clamped. I see no way to remedy the problem. The Dewalt has a great fence adjustment and tightening system but the table is too small for sheet goods. Also the blade insert is not stable and is hard or impossible to get to sit flat on all sides and the blade cannot be adjusted parallel to the table. All in all the saw has much promise but fails to fulfill in all the important ways.After having this saw for two years I need to downgrade it to one star. It is absolute crap. From the fence to the plastic gears to the bevel adjustment, this saw is junk. I have broken teeth on the bevel gear twice. The gears to the blade height must be cleaned almost every day. The fence adjustment makes squaring next to impossible. I could go on. DO NOT BUY THIS SAW.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Regardless of what you think of this movie, the fact is, the quality of this DVD is terrible.We were watching our nephew and the Mighty Ducks came on, being a fan of it when we were kids, we watched it together. He loved the movie and so on his birthday we got him this DVD.Big mistake. I have NEVER seen a DVD of such terrible quality. On widescreen HDTV the aspect ratio is all off so that there is big black lines on not just the sides of the screen but also the top and bottom... the movie takes up barely half of the TV screen! If that was the only issue we could have dealt with it, but the quality of the picture itself is just so horrible it's distracting. It's discolored, it's grainy, it looks like it's being projected out terribly old poor quality film projector.My nephew is only 6, so obviously he doesn't care much about video fidelity but it was so bad it even bothered him and he was asking what was wrong with the movie. We transferred the DVD to a Standard definition tube tv and the poor quality was not as noticeable, but still really bad.The quality was so terrible I was sure I had accidentally ordered a bootleg or something... but no, it's the authentic Disney DVD. I can't believe the quality.So regardless of what you think of this movie, stay away from this DVD, I can't exaggerate how bad the quality is.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Drivers for XP gave trouble. Had fewer problems with Win ME.However, this baby has problems syncing sound and video. Check all forums on the web, this is a problem everyone has.Doesn't look like ADS is about to fix it any time soon.A definite DON'T BUY.

review/helpfulness: 5/12
review/text: It starts out as an intriguing thriller - horror movie.. and it ends up a complete joke.. we are drawn into this exciting cave expediton and when the monsters living inside are finally revealed.. it turns out to be a complete waste of our time.. At least there is some suspense leading up to our dissapointment something we can't say for the other atrocious horror films this year (pulse, grudge 2, etc.) Oh how luke warm i feel..

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: The soundtrack for Disney's Toy Story 2 is simply beyond all my expectations. Pure entertainment. Happy songs and melodies. Here, there and everywhere all over the entire cd, it's very easy to find the most joyful, pleasant and funny tracks possible. They really help you to enjoy and to live the magic of the movie itself as you've never dreamed before. They take you inside the magic. I myself am a fan of Disney movies since childhood and still today I just can't miss not even one release and buy all the soundtracks and other Disney stuff. &quot;Lion King&quot; and &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; are my very favorite. Masterpieces. Unforgettable. This particular one has been included in my list too, with honors. For sure, it's a must-buy. Just like the movie that inspired it.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This is a very cool, very fun game - much in the vein of Ratchet &amp; Clank and Jak and Daxter. The only problems were the maddening camera angles (tough to control) and the feshman swimming controls. And don't bother with the Prima Strategy Guide. It's very basic, dosen't cover the controls, and just skims over the walk throughs. It seems as if it was just slapped together to meet a deadline.

review/helpfulness: 13/14
review/text: This looked like a good produce and inflated easily, but would not hold the air. I am very upset that in returning, I will not get full refund for this defective product! There will be a restocking charge, which is rediculous because they can't sell a defective product!

review/helpfulness: 26/26
review/text: Clifton Webb is perfectly cast as the British Naval Officer who devises the plan to decieve German Intelligence, as to the whereabouts of the Allied landings in Sicily during World War 2. As with most British films of its kind, &quot;The Man Who Never Was&quot; relies upon the facts to maintain interest throughout,tampering with history just enough to provide tension and drama where it is needed. Webb's performance is both intelligent and touching, while Stephen Boyd as the German agent sent to investigate the situation,exudes just the right amount of charm and malevolence. Gloria Graham is probably the only downside to this highly effective film,but the others well and truly make up for her somewhat overcooked effort. Made in 1956, in colour, &quot;The Man Who Never Was&quot; has not &quot;dated&quot; at all and stands as a fine example of the British cinema's ability to tell a good story well.

review/helpfulness: 3/8
review/text: (SORRY...THIS IS FOR BLU-RAY, NOT AMAZON INSTANT VIDEO) Would have given 4 stars for the movie/blu-ray, but I was very disappointed there were no special features at all - not even notes. That's the main reason I like DVDs and blu-rays so much...for the special features that may contain commentary, interviews, behind the scenes and show how some of the FX were done - explosions and such. I'm sure they will release another version in the near future with the special features movie buffs enjoy and spend more cash$ Who the hell comes out with a new release Blu-ray in this day & age with ZERO special features??? DO NOT BUY - RENT FROM RED BOX.

review/helpfulness: 17/22
review/text: Yes... Ron is right... 'don't expect miracles from a book.' Folks... this isn't a read a few chapters and suddenly be a genius type thing. He gives you examples of ways he has made tons of money in real estate and you shouldn't expect everything to work as planned or for there to be everything you need in this book. You still have to work your market... test stuff out... gain experience... learn the ropes... etc etc. For all the naysayers... I would say read it again and again... buy a few other books too... join some real estate forums... if you really want to succeed in real estate. And about his plugs for his bootcamps/courses... they are very good... but you don't need them... do with what you have and take ACTION.I'm reminded of a saying I heard a while ago "We will either find a way or make one." Good Luck

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This album was not death metal or even thrash metal by today's standards. It was, however, an incredible debut that I ended up owning on cassette, album form, and finally, CD. Unfortunately, Nasty Savage sounded best when they werent trying to be heavy. Some bands do (Metallica, Possessed come to mind immediately), just check out the incredible original version of XXX (available on Metal Massacre 6) and then listen to the much faster, more aggressive, and much less interesting version on the CD 'Indulgence' and see what I mean.)This album is actually very good "idontknowwhatyouwouldcategorizethisstuffas" metal for this time period. For some reason, they decided to use more death metal growls and faster beats on future records and that made them sound like they were trying to do too much....This album is their crowning glory.

review/helpfulness: 7/9
review/text: For years the concert film "Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders FromMars" was infamous for its grainy visual look and absolutelyabysmal sound mix, which was particularly bad on the first foursongs. Which was a shame, since the concert was clearly excellent, featuring Bowie at an early performing peak with his "Ziggy" concept. Now, at last, with this 2003 rereleasethe film has been given a just sound remix by DA Pennebaker, whoexplains why the sound had always been so bad on previousreleases in the accompanying booklet.The difference between the old and new versions is literally night and day. Now the sound is spectacularly loud and clear,in 5.1 surround--I never knew it would *ever* sound this good.This increases one's appreciation of the concert 500%, and shows The Spiders From Mars to have been a great backing group, with Ronson of course a particular delight on his solos for classics like "Moonage Daydream" and "Width Of A Circle". The entirefilm is an homage to the glory days of glam-rock, when fanatical UK audiences would dress up in the glittery makeup and outfits of their rock idols and act out each line of the songwith them; the audience is truly a sensational thing to beholdin this film, as they seem completely mesmerized, almost as if they were under hypnosis (on the other hand, Angie Bowie's briefcameo at the beginning shows her to have been a supremelysuperficial, self-serving and annoying presence!).Every song is a classic, with some like "All The Young Dudes", "My Death" and "White Light/White Heat" that never made it onto a Bowie studio album, and others like the climactic "Width Of A Circle" that were greatly expanded. Bowie's androgynous outer-space image--replete with lightning-quick costume changes and some lurid interplay between himselfand Ronson (kneeling and licking the guitar during a solo, and so forth) was a phenomenon at the time and still pretty legendary, although in actuality the spectacle was relativelymodest compared to the concurrent antics of Alice Cooper orGabriel-era Genesis. But it is the audience which probably lingers on the most after every viewing--the like of which has never been seen since.The film also comes with a bonus poster, although personally I would've taken it without, at a lower price.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: John Cena is perfect as the former marine who goes on a rampage to rescue his wife from killers. The movie moves fast and its slick production and sets adds to the visual eye candy.My only beef is with the WWF empire that produces these Wrestler-turned-Action Star movies. The WWF gave us Stone Cold Steve Austin in THE CONDEMNED which was fun and Austin was great. But like THE MARINE, we see almost zero of the world famous torsoes of these super heroes. In THE CONDEMEND, Austin never takes off his shirt for one scene. And he has a body to die for. in THE MARINE, you've got about l5 seconds where we see Cena without his shirt and his body is amazing. But after that, he's fully covered. The reason I worship these wrestling super stars is because they're so damned good looking and they don't mind strutting their stuff in a pair of speedoes. One can only hope that the next WWF action thriller will give us a super star wrestler who exhibits his chest --like Schwartzenneger, Stallone, Von Damm--and give us fans something to thrill to.

review/helpfulness: 8/27
review/text: "The first WWI aviation film in 40 years", so director Tony Bill reported gloats in a recent interview. Actually, "30" would present a more accurate figure, considering the 1976 release of the JAck Gold's "Aces High", but no bother. I needn't fret about Bill's lack of affinity for cinematic history; his readily apparent ineptitude in both the historical and technical departments is bad enough.Talk about ineptitude (among other things), this supposed homage to an actual WWI squadron perpetuates just about every conceivable clich&eacute; imaginable, furthermore effectively stealing elements from nearly every aviation flick ever devised, including Blue Max, the Dawn Patrol, Dark Blue World, the Tuskegee Airmen, and even that age-old silent flick from 1927, WINGS. Furtherome, the battle scenes themselves reflect the most cheesy elements of propaganda war flicks, culminating in the endless ranks of snarling villains, the cheering crowds on the ground below as our heroes intercept the strafing Huns to save the day, and even a veritable race against the proverbial clock to destroy a German airship before it supposedly "obliterates" the entirety of Paris.And as of the various manners in which this film blatantly exhibits its readily apparent lack of prowess for historical and technical accuracies, let me count the ways.For starters, let's consider the countless manners in which the on-screen aircraft repeatedly defy the laws physics. Admittedly, some reviewers have pointed out Tony Bill's part-time profession as an aerobatic pilot, which in essence appears to compromised his interpretations of World War I combat, as he seems to have derived his perception of first world war fighters from having logged too many hours in Pitts Special as opposed to having derived genuine insight into the performance capabilities and limitations of such elaborate contusions of fabric and wood. For one thing, the aircraft exhibit speeds twice in excess that of the actual performance capabilities of World War I aircraft, culminating in a host of physical implausibilities as overly efficient climbing characteristics as if instigated in the absence of a stall barrier, low-level maneuvers that would have invariably either stalled the aircraft or resulted in considerable wing shear, not to mention that these biplanes and Triplanes exhibit phenomenal roll-rates which no multi-winged aircraft on the planet could possibly emulate. Evidently, Tony Bill exhibits an accurate conception of three dimensional space, but not of the actual performance characteristics of First World War-era fighters.Furthermore, the movie's glaring affinity for historical inaccuracy reflects the presence of numerous aircraft that never existed during the Escardrille's 1916 escapades, including the SE.5, Handley Page 400, Gotha IV, and of course the Fokker Dr. 1 Triplane, which brings me to another issue that drives me out of my mind, culminating in one of the most trivial misinterpretations about World War I aviation. Bottom line, the above depiction stems from a trivial and widespread popular misconception that by default associates World War One German aircraft with countless formations of red-coated Triplanes, as if the Germans had somehow managed to perpetuate endless clones of Von Richtofen, to say nothing about the fact that the Fokker Dr. 1 was ultimately produced in insignificant numbers, culminating in an actual production run of only 160 examples.In fact, the Lafayette Escabdrille fought the majority of its pitched-battles against outmoded Fokker E.III Eindeckers and two-seat Albatross and Aviatik observation scouts, the superior equipment of the Amercans frequently offset by their readily apparent lack of experience.And another thing, the average life expectancy of a World War I pilot is actually confined to the space of a single week, unlike the film's more optimistic projection of 3 to 6. Furthermore, somebody should remind the screenwriters never to emphasizes the virtues of German aircraft by citing the presence of all powerful engines, as the rates of horsepower which the Germans managed to conceive lagged considerably behind that of their allied counterparts.Furthermore, pilots were indeed NOT permitted to instill their own personal insignias, considering that, unlike World War II, rarely were aircrew assigned individual aircraft, often dispersing their ranks among the types available in a manner that typically resulted sharing planes out amongst each other. Furthermore, as blatantly misrepresnted by the closing scene, there is simply no such thing as rejoining one's formation in the event of finalizing an aerial skirmish, as aircraft frequently fought pitched battles at length, scattering miles away from each other, thus relaying each pilot with the burden of utilizing landmarks and navigations skills as the sole means for finding their way home on an individual basis.Reverting to the film's one and only redeeming feature, the various aspects in which the Flyboys attempts to model battle damage in conjunction with the various behaviors of shedding wings and burning engines bear a more accurate depiction than the remainder of the film. However, given the all too elaborate staging of such sequences through an over use of Green Screen techninques in conjunction with an overabundance of CGI effectively renders the overall appearance as reminiscent of, as one reviewer stated "playing a really cool video game" as opposed to providing a genuine "in the cockpit" sensation for the expreiences of piloting such frail machinations.Most offensive, however, is the gratuitous manner in which the movie concocts the entire spectacle within a fanciful dressing of glamour, all the while pedaling it's pretensions for historical and physical accuracy.In all fairness, perhaps I should lend Tony Bill an additional bone by citing the best moment of the entire movie, in which the guts of that blabbering Christian fanatic splatters the entirety of his instrument panel (the only moment in the entire film in which I cheered).Ultimately, the inclusion of a photograph of the actual members of the Lafayette Escadrille seems like a cruel joke, as if the preceding spectacle of cartoonish escapism somehow culminates in an authentic tribute to the squadron in question.Considering the shear sparsity of world war one related aviation flicks, it doesn't take a genius to brand this endeavor as by far the worst ever conceived.For more informative and productive viewing, I can recommend virtually every other aviation flick on the market, from the veritable classics like "Blue Max" and "Aces High" , to some of the more lukewarm efforts of "Ace of Aces" and "Von Richtofen and Brown".

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: Author Elizabeth MacKintosh, wrote under the pseudonym of Josephine Tey. She died in 1952 but her unique talent continues to entertain and enlighten her readers with her unusual mystery scenarios. With Daughter of Time she invites us to join the team of a 20th century Scotland Yard inspector Alan Grant and an American researcher currently on assignment at the British Museum as they utilized their powers of deductive reasoning (ala Sherlock Holmes) to ascertain the truth about with Richard III. Having been previously characterized by everyone from Shakespeare to Sir Thomas More as an evil hunchbacked usurper who murdered his two young nephews in the Tower of London in order to claim the throne; the Richard Plantagenet of this investigation is portrayed as an unusually trusting, loving and gentle man with no physical deformity.As creatively and intellectually plotted as this novel is, its' true beauty lies in the fact that it encourages the reader to THINK. It obliquely tells us that one should never accept any recorded history without question since most history is written from the perspective of those in power at the time and is not necessarily factual. In addition it enhances knowledge and vocabulary and sent this reader scurrying to the computer to look up definitions of items such as Bill of Attainder, Titulus Regius, and Star Chamber (lo and behold....it is more than a movie with Michael Douglas).Admittedly, this is a novel and the "Richard argument" presented by Tey's characters, although compelling, should not be viewed as incontrovertible fact. Her writing, however, deserves to be treasured and enjoyed like a fine wine that is rolled around on the tongue and savored before it is swallowed.

review/helpfulness: 5/12
review/text: I love this book. It reveals a shamanistic mystical tradition that is our heritage, but has been driven underground for thousands of years. It helped me understand more about the healing process that the human psyche is going through now. Healers and counselors will appreciate this work!

review/helpfulness: 4/8
review/text: Really, I don't think Cat Among Pigeons is considered one of Agatha Christie's best works. How can it be? The story starts very slowly, with no real narrative hooks in the plot at all. There are superficial facts about characters in the book that really don't affect the story at all. It just fill up pages. Then, the murder of the gamesmistress is discovered near the middle of the book, which I think is another mistake. How can you expect the reader to keep on reading when they figure out that the actual murder is a long time coming? Then, the famous Hercule Poirot (who is the only reason that I read this book) is introduced very lately into the book.I think another reason that I really didn't like this book was because there are so little suspects in the book. I mean, you can right off the bat count off numerous people. Plus, there are many who were incapable of actually commiting the main murder, and this also eliminates many but a few.All in all, I was disappointed by Cat Among the Pigeons. If you are looking for a real Hercule Poirot thriller, look for Murder on the Orient Express or The Murder of Roger Ackroyd.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: First things first....Is this a Great Movie?....No....Is it at All Plausible or Believable?...No, not really...Is it Entertaining?....Hell, Yes!!....This movie is a delightful throwback to all those Great Cheesy 70's Exploitation flicks that usually starred Charles Bronson; Little Plot, Lottsa Action!!...The movie delivers this in Spades!!....I am not familiar with John Cena; He kinda looks like Matt Damon on Steroids; but he makes a credible action hero; kind of like they were trying to do with Brian 'The Boz' Bosworth a few years back....But it's the loopy script and a Great Over-the-Top Performance by Robert Patrick as the Head Baddie that really makes this movie Rock!!....Patrick easily steals the movie with his great swaggering performance; but, Hey; All the baddies in this are entertaining.....More so than the 'good guys'.....This 'B' Movie is Very Well shot and Directed; with GREAT ACTION SCENES THAT DELIVER; This is a Superb example of a Good No-Brainer Popcorn Action Flick....Just Don't rent or buy it expecting 'Hamlet".....

review/helpfulness: 4/8
review/text: Tess Lindsay is content to be the sole occupant of a remote island but when Colin Macpherson washes ashore her life of solitude gets shaken up. Tess had always been told to fear strange men but she reluctantly strikes up a friendship with Colin. Soon Tess discovers that she has a family she had forgotten about but will she have the courage to leave the island and start a new life?The beginning of this book is very amusing and the end is decent too but the middle is a big problem. The plot loses much of it's believability mostly due to the poor characterization. All of the new characters that are introduced are one sided and their behavior lacks reason. Even Tess and Colin's development is side tracked in much the same way and their relationship seems awkward and forced. The writing does improve towards the end but it's not enough to save the book. Unless you have your heart set on reading all of the books in the series, skip this one.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: Okay, so it looks like it was filmed in the 70s and it's not that professionally done. The lady is a nurse from New York and her voice and accent don't let you forget it. She holds up the same two or three visual aids fifty times during the course of the video.Still, it's a great video. My wife was doing her residency while she was pregnant, and we just couldn't sign up for regular classes. This video really prepared us for our son's birth, and answered a lot of questions we had. While covering all the basics and some of the complications that can happen, it tries to keep you grounded, so that you don't panic when something does happen. Highly recommended.

review/helpfulness: 12/13
review/text: This is a very good overview of the work of the Late Great Immortal Hank Williams. It includes some of his greatest hits and some great songs that were not hits. Along with rarities and 1 cd of Hank's live Health and Happiness radio shows you get a complete picture of the mans work. I especially liked the 52 page booklet that contains an unvarnished account of the life of Hank Williams and a outstanding discophraphy. To get this much music and information for such a small price in this age of overpriced products is indeed a pleasant surprise.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: My husband really likes the Intimo Men's Classic Silk Pants. They are very comfortable, and the color is really nice. He wears them almost every day!The only complaint that we had is that the pants are a little bit short in length.

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: These DVD's are not worth your money! Picture and sound qualities are very bad, it looks like the DVD itself were re-recorded from a VHS, you can hardly understand anything the lady is saying because very poor sound and the items on the pattern envelopes are blurry you can't understand anything. Waist of your money!

review/helpfulness: 6/10
review/text: This is one of the greatest books in all modern literature. I applaud Oprah for bringing it to the attention of North Americans. Thanks to her, this book will get the attention from North Americans that it deserves. It is already well known throughout Latin America.I first read this book when I was a Spanish literature major in college. It was my first introduction to magical realism. I don't know whether Garcia Marquez originated this style of writing, but he is certainly one of the first. Many authors now copy his style.Garcia Marquez is one of the world's great writers. And this is one of his best books. While long, it is worth the effort.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: If you surf, this is a great DVD to pickup. Cool fades between surfing scenes and positions. A great stretching/yoga/balance training program. Really good stuff.

review/helpfulness: 1/12
review/text: In the book Fahrenheit 451 the main characters name is Guy Montag. Guy is a fireman that burns books and sets houses on fire instead of the normal fireman that puts out the flames. During the course of the book Montag goes through many different phases. The most important phase is where he starts wondering about books. Since all his life he has been taught that books are bad and only to burn them, he is curious what books are about. During the time that he is going through his mysterious phases he meets a girl named Clarisse McClellan, who opens her eyes to the emptiness of his life. Montag met this girl one night when he was taking a walk at about midnight. Montag also meets a very important character named Faber. Faber is an old English professor that likes books and knows a lot about them. Over the story Montag has Faber set him up with a retired publisher, to help publish books. At the time that Montag is trying to publish books the fireman are chasing him, because his wife turned him in.Guy Montag is a fireman who suddenly realizes the emptiness of his life and starts to search for meaning in the books he is supposed to be burning. He quickly forms unusually strong bonds with anyone who seems to have true friendship with him. His biggest regret in life is not having a better relationship with his wife. And because he didn't have a very good relationship with his wife that is why she turned him in to the fireman and got there house burned.The way that Ray Bradbury makes this book seem is incredible. He has a special talent that lets him really involve and capture the reader's attention. while I read this book I felt as if I was a silent observer that stood next to Guy Montag every where he went. I loved this book, and would definitely recommend this book to anybody who loves a great adventure and thrill.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I guess the best way to describe this product is "Amazing", since it allows any user to take more pics before you have to download them. When I first bought my Canon PowerShot digital camera it only came with a 6MB card which meant I could only take about 10-12 pics. So, I did some research on what's out there and decided to go with 256 MB CF Card from Simple tech, since it was recommended to me by a good friend that a photo fanatic.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I have been looking for a desk for my 6 year old grandson (Christmas gift). After checking retail stores and finding nothing but THIN particle board covered with imitation wood shelving paper I stumbled onto this desk. The desk & chair (they come as a package) arrived in a slightly beat up box. However, good packaging by the manufacturer resulted in no nicks or breaks ... THANK YOU!Assembly was straight forward with very good pictures. The only problem was a stripped dowel cam to secure the top storage bin. After a little DIY all turned out well. Note: KidKraft includes a very helpful form letter listing an 800# if you have any problems with assembly or missing parts, etc. NICE TOUCH!The top storage bin is made of furniture grade plywood with veneer. I rate that as 5 stars!The legs are very sturdy and appear to be solid wood or MDF. Either way, 5 stars!Desk appears to be furniture grade plywood with veneer. Again, 5 stars!Chair is SOLID. Believe an adult could stand on this chair without causing damage. Another 5 stars!Measurements:* Desk top: 24 3/9" high (32 1/2" with top storage bin) X 41 3/4" wide (X) 23 3/4" deep.* Top storage bin: 39 1/4" wide (outside) X 7 1/2" deep insideWithout question, the desk should hold up for many years UNLESS it is abused.For the price this desk is a solid buy and I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone looking for a youth desk. Amazon may categorize this as a toy but I would classify it as furniture for children.NOTE: I DO NOT WORK FOR THIS COMPANY and rarely give a 4 or 5 star rating to any product.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This movie was not meant to be taken seriously....I think what they tried to do here is re-live the 80's action flick experience. If you watch this movie you are falsly lead to believe that you can be blown up and still survive, take a fire extinguisher to the face and get right back up, and can be shot at 100's of times and not take a hit. The dialouge is silly, however, the acting is pretty good. Sit back and enjoy/laugh.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: This DVD is in my library of Great films because it was entertaining but at the same time had a moral I'd like my son to understand.It was comedic in its dealing with the theme of the decades of the 60's and the 70's ( and even today) yet at the same time dealt seriously and respectfully with the topic.There was one theme, of a group's search for recognition of humanity and inalienable rights in the story of a young woman who kills her husband for her freedom and a younger Black man who gives his life in a similar cause. The two ongoing stories were handled in a unique and entertaining manner.I will watch this DVD over again and enjoy it many times in the future. I will watch for other films directed by Antonio Banderas.

review/helpfulness: 12/14
review/text: If you're thinking of buying the soundtrack to Final Fantasy VII, get this album and no other. If you've played through the game you'll find that most, if not all, the songs you'd want to keep are in it. Most noteworthy, and the real reason why anyone would buy this album, are the final three tracks.I'm no collector of video game music, but the quantum leap in emotion and quality that was derived from merely translating a MIDI format song to pure orchestration definitely warranted at the very least my applause.The orchestrated main theme starts of with a subtle pizzicato that captures the moment you (as Cloud Strife) step outside of Midgar and be thrust into a huge new world. The feelings of wonder, excitement, adventure, and brooding darkness that is the Final Fantasy VII experience are truly expressed in this rich composition.One-Winged Angel is much more dark and powerful in this rendition. The choir did not have as much &quot;oomph&quot; as I wished but they nevertheless were spellbinding. To be true to the composition the horrible &quot;cartoony&quot; portions were still played, though somewhat compensated with not only excellent orchestration, but a few added parts by the vocals and instruments.As good as the last two discussed tracks were, the most heart-wrenching and emotionally rending piece is the orchestrated Aeris' Theme. It starts with the piano notes that captured us in the game, then gets richer (albeit a bit repetitive) as the notes are played by different instruments. Still, absolutely beautiful and masterfully translated. Good job, Uematsu-san.

review/helpfulness: 19/19
review/text: I bought the Hydro Greenhouse 2 offline at Toys r Us, as a gift for my girlfriend. I was rather disappointed when I opened it because its incubator case looked nothing like that shown on the box. It was made of flimsy soft plastic which couldn't really hold on to its place, and really made the greenhouse aesthestically less appealing.However, it really worked like it said it would. Its instruction manual had a list of vegetables, herbs or flowers that you could grow (which wasn't mentioned elsewhere), so I'm not sure if other kinds of plants would work. I planted two types of seeds (not included in package) - Livingstone Daisy (which was not on the list) and Marigold. Within 3 days, my marigold seeds sprouted, although the seed packet said that it would take 7 days. Whether this was due to the excellent conditions of hydroponics is unclear. My daisies have yet to sprout, though it's only 5 days and the seed packet said it would take 2 weeks.Overall this is pretty cool. You don't have to water them daily, or even take care of them, the water reservoir does the job for you, and you only have to refill it once a week. You also won't have to worry about weeds or bugs since you can keep it indoors and it's covered up (I had a fly trying to build a next though, thankfully it was too fat to squeeze in the holes!) There's also a year's supply of Nutrients to mix with the water. I wonder if normal fertilizers would work as well, since my area doesn't have refills available.I'll recommend this if you like growing plants but don't like the hassle that comes with it. Highly convenient and delightful to watch your seedlings grow each day! A perfect product if the manufacturers could improve on its incubator casing to make it more sophisticated.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: I bought this book because it has received so many great reviews. I'm very grateful to those who wrote the reviews. This book is excellent in providing organized explanations and toefl-standard tests. The model tests are really great exercises. The CD-ROM has a good quality. There is only one weakness, I think. I wish the writing review section has more detailed guidelines and different kinds of essay examples. Overall, I strongly recommend this book!

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: To many people Mr. Young's thesis will seem to be outlandish. Yet, he is the one author I know of who actually tries to seek out the origins of religion using modern research into chimpanzee behavior. I wonder what Jane Goodall thinks of it? First there was Freud's Totem and Taboo, a mere root to Young's amazing tree. As he writes, " . . . the Darwinian-Freudian-Foxian root-stock on to which I would graft the story of alpha-shaman." I'm not sure exactly how to take him, but it is dazzling stuff. Since there was no impartial observer in the Garden of Eden, perhaps he is correct.

review/helpfulness: 3/9
review/text: Weak quality throughout. Even the cover art is clearly printed out on a computer printer, similar to what a good CD-R bootleg looks like. Perhaps that's the point - this album was rejected by a record label in the early '90s. Therefore, you should consider this a collection of Demos. Weak ones too...What I loved about Shriekback was the groove and the constant edgy vibe, like mysterious sex in dark passionate places. That sounds ridiculous of course, but Shriekback made it work - their best was just that sensual and weird. 1992's 'Sacred City' was a patchy comedown from 'Big Night Music' or 'Oil &amp; Gold', but the best moments captured the Shriekback vibe perfectly. You should check out 'Sacred City'....You can ignore this CD. I'm amazed how flat &amp; disjointed it sounds. Don't be misled - 7 of these 14 tracks are under 2 minutes, just instrumental jams caught on tape. They don't buffer the real songs well, and are completely dismissable. (They do make the album appear longer though.) The recording budget was clearly small, the studio time limited as well. On the positive side, there's a lot of unusual stringed instruments and ethnic percussion you don't hear on most records. That definitely helps, but Eh. &quot;UnSong&quot; is sly and works perfectly - this strong song will hold up well on any 'Greatest Hits' package. It makes the rest of the CD seem even slighter. Shame on you &quot;UnSong&quot;!Oh cruel fate. I'm resigned to the fact a unique '80s band that was great so often will soon be forgotten. 'Naked Apes &amp; Pond Life' won't help Shriekback's cause in the slightest. Sadly, I'll bet it's the last I hear from them. (Please prove me wrong, guys.)

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I purchased a pair of these in size 14 Wide. The boots I received were labeled as wide. They fit like mediums though. If you have a regular foot width, I am sure these boots are good because my wife owns a pair in regular width and she likes them.

review/helpfulness: 1/9
review/text: The suspenders I ordered were just what I was looking for and they were delivered in a timely fashion in time for my boyfriend's birthday!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Since discovering Hi Tec some 15 years ago and found it to be the perfect fit for my size 11 feet (womens) I have stuck to the brand for hiking boots. They are stylish, waterproof, well crafted and a brilliant fit for a broad foot. This is a boot you can walk in all day and not have sore feet; I have never had one blister and they require no breaking in. In recent times I have been unable to source this brand in Western Australia, and when I finally found a store that carried them they were twice the price offered by Amazon. And thanks to Amazons sizing chart the mens size 9 translated perfectly. I have yet to be disappointed by Hi Tec which is why I have found it unnecessary to try other brands. The Altitude rates as the best to date. I cannot recommend this boot highly enough.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Bushashia is Genius...This independant Philosopher lays down the foundation for the Bricks' wall of philosophical theory. His well-thought basis, combined with his almost Thai Restaurant-style reincarnate of both pasta and flavor creates a sensual moment for all who hold kerouacisain forks.

review/helpfulness: 7/15
review/text: When I heard Larry Ellison the world's second richest man was involved, I had to go see this movie. Expecting great things. ORACLE sized greatness. Instead don't be fooled by the 4,5 star ratings people give this movie. What a load of rubbish! I expected an action movie - great fights - true war. Not a romance set in a very serious war. The lead actor is terrible. Sorry they cast too young an actor. It wasn't interesting. The only interesting actor was the guy with the lion. The rest I can't even remember. All I will remember from this movie was the zepplin exploding and the funeral where they mention that the guy with the lion was an atheist and that he didn't care much about religion anyway. So that is it - a true waste of money. And these second rate actors and kiddie script writers are getting rich from hype.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This book has every specification on all the years and models of Cadillacs. It is an invaluable resource if you are looking for information on any Cadillac. It is especially useful if you buy a lot of them.

review/helpfulness: 9/14
review/text: The DVD was very interesting but for one glaring problem. The creator fails most of time to tell the viewer whos speaking in the interviews. For the Jimi fan who doesn't know everyone that Jimi interacted w/ by face, this is very frustrating. Other than that it had some nice clean footage.I had much more fun watching the Jimi Hendrix Story DVD...BR>Even though it is presented in Mono.

review/helpfulness: 1/12
review/text: The movie is good, as I thought it would be, but the entire movie is in French, so be prepared to read subtitles. It took me several tries to watch it all the way through. My fault; I should have known.

review/helpfulness: 10/16
review/text: It's been nearly a year since I saw 'The Piano Teacher', but I still have the images in my mind, still sharp, still intense, still somewhat disturbing. But, I like it that way. Heineke's film, is definitely one of the biggest rises in French film industry. And I agree with the other reviewers, that the film's unknownness is directly related to its unconventional tension, which literally made me scratch my seat in the theater.The film focuses on Isabelle Huppert's sexual and social psychosis, and her isolation from the rest of the society. During the course of the movie, Huppert goes through a couple of sexual explosions, which are not at a pleasing nor satisfying level at all, but rather resulting in discontent and hatred among her and her partner, who is the student she gives piano lessons to. This after-scene suffices for you to feel odd. Her sexual inmaturity, gives rise to her weird behavior during daily life. Her seclusion of her own mother, that precedes her real harrassment of her, is a good example of this idea.This film involves severe tension, sexual and social violence. Beware of this fact before you purchase the film. It's a brilliant film, but for some people. Some may not like the content. Great production by Heineke, great acting by Isabelle Hupport!

review/helpfulness: 5/9
review/text: Lazare has hit the nail on the head. Everyone is always complaining about the government, and yet, the system by which that very government is ruled is considered holy. How can this be?Real reform, and the only reform that can snatch our government away from the big money handlers that are running it now, is only possible from the ground up. That means that you cannot expect that a little tinkering will fix it. You have to realize that the entire system needs an overhaul.Lazare makes that point beutifully in his book. His grasp on American history and how the constitution has failed in the past is an eye opening experience. This is required reading for anyone interested in reclaiming thier democracy.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: A disappointing movie: clich&eacute;-ridden directing, cardboard scenery, and acting that I feel is now dated, despite the presence of the great Ian Richardson and a young Martin Shaw. The low point IMO is Ian Cuthbertson, all too often featured in those days, for whom acting solely means raging and shouting with rrrolling eyes and a rrrolling 'r'.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: This is a really inspiring video about the potential for lucid dreaming. It provides many ideas and stories about ways that lucid dreaming can be used to improve your wellbeing and happiness. I highly recommend it.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: I read this book in a long London-Toronto flight. I just could not put it off.James Clavell continues to exercise its magic by creating a captivating universe that make us dream about the relative value of things. How much would you pay for a rat leg ?We follow the king in its daily rulings and dealings with its subjects, all prisonners of war in a Japanese camp during WWII. How can a corporal rule a camp and its general. How can cunning and ruthlessness elevate a man on a throne. This is a very strange american dream that is depicted in this novel.All rights reserved to The Reviewer Provided by courtesy to Amazon.com

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I heard Gene O'Quin sing most of these songs in person. In the early 50s I spent most every Saturday night at the ElMonte Leigon Stadium for Cliffy Stones Hometown Jamboree (sorta like a west coast Grand ol Opery). Gene was a regular along with the likes of Molly Bee and Tennessee Ernie Ford.He had a singing style that grabbed your attention. I heard the original, the recording of that voice would rate a 5.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: The book, Fahrenheit 451 by Ray Bradbury, is a perfect example of a science fiction book. This book is about the life of a fire fighter named Guy Montag who lives in a futuristic city where books are banned. The job of fire fighters in his view of the future are to set books and the houses they are hiding in on fire. The reasoning for this is that books are said to be evil and contain many different thoughts and emotions that are considered "dangerous" if people are exposed to them. This book pretty difficult to read based on its challenging vocabulary and its confusing situations. I would recommend this book to people no younger than 7th grade based on the content of the book, and I would recommend it to people with a strong interest in science fiction and futuristic books.

review/helpfulness: 4/9
review/text: Like with Brave New World, 1984 is and inside look to the Progressive Collectivist mindset. Again, all the concepts are there: collectivism, propaganda, control, government as God. Big Brother has arrived.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: Since I am fairly new to the world of pro-sumer digital photography I thought I could get by with having just the onboard flash, I was wrong. I found that my indoor and low light pictures with the onboard flash couldn't compare to the awesome pictures I was taking in good light with my A2. I did my research and found that the 3600HS was a good bet for my budget. I bought this flash and started taking much higher quality indoor pictures right off the bat. This thing works seamlessly with my Dimage A2 and it is money well spent. If you aren't sure whether or not to buy an external flash, you can take it from me that if you go with this guy here you won't be wrong. The only complaint that I have is it's size, It is fairly large.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Overall I'd give this product something like 3 1/2 stars, as the device itself is ok, but the way it works with the iPAQ is problematic. The hardware itself is pretty straightforward, although you can charge only either the device or your iPAQ at once, not both at the same time with the car adapter (you can use the iPAQ AC charger to charge the device at home, however). More problematic is the iPAQ itself (in my case, the 5450), which is simply unreadable in the car due to glare--I had to take it out of the holster constantly to read it. The sound at full volume is also barely audible, I had to turn off the AC and radio to hear it; I would check the volume and readability of your PocketPC device in your car before considering this solution. The navigation software is competent, although it is somewhat erratic regarding turns; sometimes it tells you to turn a block before, other times right at the corner. The software will lock up on you (necessitating a reboot) if you don't exit the program before turning your PocketPC off--you can't just turn it off when you reach your destination. The GPS unsurprisingly conks out in tunnels, and can take several minutes to find itself again. It has a tendency to slide around on your dash unless you find a flat spot. The good things about this device? The price--one of the cheaper GPS solutions you can get if you have a PocketPC; portability, you can upgrade your PocketPC device and still use this solution; you can use it with Microsoft Streets (with a bluetooth connection) on a laptop. It's probably best used however with a passenger reading the iPAQ for you.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Mark Linett does it again. The impact from the kick drums at the beginning of Shut Down or Custom Machine alone is enough to justify the purchase of this re-release. The reproduced album art and the mono/stereo masters are great, too. The only thing I could say about this and the other 2012 re-releases is they should have offered them as a box set as well as individual albums.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: Spellman, a lucid analyst of the avant garde jazz movement in the '60s (see his liner notes, for example, on the original release of Coltrane's &quot;Ascension&quot;), has contributed with this book four compelling portraits of musicians who gave and have given their lives to jazz.&quot;Four Lives in the Bebop Business&quot; profiles two altoists, Jackie McLean and Ornette Coleman; and two pianists, Cecil Taylor and Herbie Nichols. Spellman skillfully crafts the narratives, while wisely allowing his subjects to tell large chunks of their stories in their own words.It becomes clear as one reads the book that it took a lot of guts to be a jazz musician during the '50s and '60s (and still does). All four of the musicians faced major obstacles in pursuing their art.McLean, who enjoyed the greatest amount of commercial success of the four, especially early on, battled drug addiction. Taylor and Coleman faced open hostility because of their challenging, groundbreaking approaches to playing their instruments. Nichols (the only one of the four who is not still alive) was just plain ignored, despite his brilliantly original playing (check out the two-disk Blue Note compilation of his music), and spent much of his all-too-brief career playing in Greenwich Village dives.In spite of bad accommodations, poor pay, public indifference, critical hostility and difficulty finding gigs, these artists, the book makes clear, would never play anything other than jazz. In this sense, the book has an underlying inspirational message. Still, it remains for America to fully embrace its only true indigenous art form, something which to this day has not occurred.The book also offers insights from the musicians on the creative process and about the historic changes in jazz that occurred during the '60s, from the perspective of men who were on the front lines of the battles between critics, musicians, and the listening public.Required reading for the serious jazz listener.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Piper Perabo is an aspiring songwriter who moves to New York City to follow her dreams. Having trouble getting her foot in the door, she ends up working at a wild bar where the female patrons dance around on the bar in wet T-shirts to cheesy cheerleader anthems. John Goodman turns in an enjoyable performance as Perabo's overprotective father. Those expecting an edgier and more adult-oriented version of "Coyote Ugly" with its new "unrated cut" may want to save their money. With the exception of an added sex scene involving Piper Perabo and Adam Garcia (Perabo's nude shots were filmed with a "double"), the movie is still "PG-13" country. It's the same sexually-suggestive but far from edgy content you'll find in the theatrical cut.

review/helpfulness: 0/17
review/text: Stupid teenagers. A boy who falls out of love as quickly as he falls in. And poor communication. Shakespeare got teenage romance down pat.

review/helpfulness: 6/9
review/text: The music on this CD is great. My comments have to do with the way in which Amazon describes the product. This is a CDR, without any liner notes and the track listing basically copied from the web site. But you will not learn this by looking at the Product Details. You will find this information under Editorial Reviews, where it says: This product is manufactured on demand using CD-R recordable media. Amazon.com's standard return policy will apply.While this information would have been better placed under Product Details no where does it tell you that you will not receive the liner notes.Amazon is misrepresenting the product. I hope my short review will help others who are considering purchasing the CD.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I cant believe how awesome the music on this cd is! have had it for about 6 years now and have never gotten tired of it! great buy if you like Enigma, Robert Miles, Deep Forest.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: "Adam Sandler's Eight Crazy Nights" could have been a really sweet Christmas story with a heartwarming message at its core. Instead, it's a vile, heartless animated feature that swerves back and forth between naughty and nice, not sure what to become. Take, for instance, the scene towards the end, when the mayor of Dukesbury (voiced by Kevin Nealon) cracks a very unfunny joke in the town hall, and the citizens of Dukesbury start to snort snot all over their tables, and some deer outside get in such a violent fit of laughter that feces squirts from behind their tails with little *splurt* sounds.Does that sound like a good-natured family comedy to you? That's because it isn't. The film stars, in one way or another, Adam Sandler, who has finally found a suitable medium to let loose all his crudeness without (a) getting the film banned from every country in the world, and (b) injuring himself in the process. Because there's something innocent about cartoons. In "Eight Crazy Nights," his self-crafted character, Davey Stone, is on the run from the town police after ripping off a Chinese man (voiced by Rob Schneider). He picks up the lid of a trashcan and slides down a railing like Vin Diesel did in "xXx." It's funny to see a limitless and physically fit Sandler, yes, but right as the scene starts to become fun, we get a worn out gag involving squeezed melons that has been done countless times before, including last year's "Austin Powers in Goldmember."Davey resents the holidays, and he especially resents the "eight crazy nights" of Hanukkah, because when he was 12 years old his parents died on their way to his basketball game. Ever since, Davey has been the town troublemaker, getting stoned (hence his last name?) and making out with cars. (Don't ask.)Davey gets picked up by the cops and is sentenced to ten years in jail, when the town eccentric, Whitey (also voiced by Sandler), offers the judge to make Davey a basketball referee in hopes of changing his ill spirits. The judge agrees, but as soon as Davey leaves court he throws Whitey into a porta-potty and knocks it down a hill. Whitey emerges with human feces all over his body, and Davey then sprays him with water, saying, "See ya' later, poopsicle."That's why the film careens from gross-out gags to heartwarming moments and then back to juvenile bodily function jokes. You've probably heard a lot of people complain about bodily function humor and how bad it is, but this will disgust the most crude and vile audience members. I did for me. (Hey, I'm joking! About being crude. Er...never mind.)A lot of people hate Adam Sandler and his humor, but I think they're just all jumping on the bandwagon. Ironically, his "breakthrough role" in P.T. Anderon's 2002 art film "Punch-Drunk Love" has been praised as his crowning triumph. I, personally, still enjoy "Happy Gilmore" and "Big Daddy." His comedies are very basic but also, on occasion, very funny. I also like "Saturday Night Live"-type humor a lot, so that may have something to do with it.Is "Eight Crazy Nights" a bad movie? I guess. It's hard to place a finger on. It's mean-spirited and vile, and that's where the film fails, but when the film has its touching moments they are touching. Too bad it always has to ruin the mentioned scenes by ending them with lame poop and/or seizure jokes. Again, don't ask.

review/helpfulness: 5/15
review/text: There is not ONE redeemable quality about this film. Period. Nicolas Cage is at the bottom of the barrel. He now has absolutely NO range. The acting in this was worse than a low budget B movie. I think he seriously was on something! So here we are New Orleans Post Katrina. Nic is supposed to be a tough guy and gets into all kinds of trouble. I couldn't figure out who was coming or going. I was baffled the entire movie! The lines were HORRIBLE! PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY!

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: Despite the fact that my initial interest in this DVD was the opportunity to see Patsy Kensit, I actually found Jurgen Prochnow and Elizabeth Hurley to be far more entertaining as (respectfully) the skipper of a private yacht and a passenger desperately trying to reach the Bahama's.Although her role is pivotal to the plot, Kensit plays her part as a whiney, insecure sidekick to Hurley's. Her character really only seems to serve as a catalyst to engender a bond between Prochnow's skipper and Hurley's flamboyant passenger in addition to adding some sense of reason to a twist at the end that has me still scratching my head.This movie was marketed as another trip into "Deep Calm" waters but in actual fact the expected confrontation that the movie seems to be inevitably steering towards never occurs, this probably greatly contributed to the lackluster performance of the movie but for me the picture took more interesting turns into examining some really warped human behavior and building distrust between the three people stuck on a small boat together for four weeks.Prochnow plays a washed out sailor who, after a tragic event at sea, has not had the courage to leave port for months. Following an intoxicated meeting with two female entertainers (Kensit and Hurley) he subsequently finds out that he has agreed to take the two carefree women on a four week sail to the Bahama's.What follows is a roller coaster of human emotion, suspense, sex (nudity from Hurley) and confusion. The movie however never seems to find its niche though and its twist is underwhelming and unsatisfying. So much more should have been delivered, especially with such an attractive cast, but the screen time and talent seems wasted.Perhaps this is the reason this movie has been marketed under so many titles. Its original German title was `Der Skipper', but its also been named `The Storm.'

review/helpfulness: 2/12
review/text: aside from it's ugly ass nauseating cover i liked everything about this book

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: This Bible is very good It really helped me out and even as a young person I was able to understand what John MAxwell was saying and I think that this is the right way to get anyone started on leadership or those who are interested in taking their skills to the next level!

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: First of all, let me say that I have no problem with the music on this CD. Every song on this CD--every single one--is 5 star material. However, the buyer should realize that this compilation CD has not one, but TWO mislabeled tracks. The track labeled "Stardust" is actually "Yesterdays" from the "Clifford Brown With Strings" album. Also, the track labeled, "If I Love Again" is, in reality, "Gerkin For Perkin" from "Study in Brown". This error is pure sloppiness on the part of Verve records, and is likely to confuse the uninitiated.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: I do not wish to write a review that says too much, spoiling it for a future reader. I just wanted to say that this one was a disappointment for me. This one was predictable, had Travis doing things that unpleasantly surprised me, and the ending was something cheap and quick. I never felt like I was "there" with him as I have in other books.As far as being a tired effort from the end of MacDonald's career, "The Lonely Silver Rain" was written in 1985 and was much better in my mind. I would just save "A Tan and Sandy Silence" for later or last. Go through the ones that are just gold first.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I met Damion at a book signing at the World Horror Convention this year,April 2002. Being a avid reader of vampire novels for over the past fifteen years his book intrigued me. Damion finally sold me on Reflections of a Vampire when I did not have the funds with me to purchase the book and he gave me the book with the trust I would pay him back at the end of the convention. Yes, I did pay him back.With some skepticism of a another new vampire book I started to read Reflections of a Vampire. From the first page to the last page this book grabbed my attention. Damion puts twists and turns to the vampire legend that makes Reflections a page turner. In the first chapter some fans of Anne Rice will think that Damion is just rehashing a old story line, but he is not. I do not want to give away what Damion does to put twists into the story line, because it will take away the element of suprise when you read it. By the end of the book you will want a sequal. You will want to learn about Gerard St. Laurue and his father. I cannot wait to see a follow up book to Reflections of a Vampire. I would be willing to put money on that within a few years the vampire Gerard St. Laurue will be up there with such other vampire greats as Lestat from the Vampire Chronicles, Jean-Claude from the Anita Blake series by Laurell K. Hamilton, and so on.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Dickens has an incredible energy that, after putting away a few dull contemporary novels, should be immeadiately striking to anyone. And with the wonderfully satirical opening of Hard Times, "Now, what I want is, Facts...." he continues to begin a book better than anyone. That energy does not dissapate as the novel progresses.Hard Times is set in the industrial but fictional Coketown. Its central point of concern is a certain ultilitarian/Victorian sensibility, a point of view that reduces everthing to rationality. This reaches is most tragic moment when a father must watch her daughter literally crushed by a "economical" marriage that he encouraged. Rationality also dictates the divisions of labor and class, that become dehumanizing.But while this book is satirical, and does have a social agenda, Hard Times can't be reduced to that agenda. It isn't merely a collection of opinions. There is too much here for that. Characters are shamed, outcast, forced into "sensible" but unfulfilling lives, and commit crimes while letting others take the fall. Unlike some of our contemporary satires, Hard Times doesn't just mock. There is heart and tragedy too. Further, no one, rich or poor, gets off the hook. Whether its Slackbridge the union leader and a group factory workers, or a wealthy banker, anyone who lacks humanity is shamed. Probably the richest and most aristoratic character, James Harthouse, is judged indifferently. Dickens isn't a partisan.Hard Times is the shortest Dickens novel and its brevity is a double edged sword. While one is not exhausted at its conclusion (As I was with David Copperfield), and there are less story lines to confuse, you a don't know the characters as well as you do with the longer novels, and the cast of characters isn't as wide. Also absent is some of the jolly or quirky characters that are Dickens staples. This accounts for why some call it a dreary novel, though I disagree.This isn't his best, and there will be some moments when you shake your head (why does everyone seem to die with perfect timing?) but Hard Times is still great. When I criticize one of Dickens' novels, I compare his low moments with his high ones, not to other writers. I will continue to read his novels and love their energy and wit.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: The key to enjoying the original Foundation trilogy is to understand that the three novels which make up the "trilogy" are not really novels. They are a series of interconnected stories written over time. Foundation is actually 5 short stories. Because of this the stories vary in quality.The second book, Foundation and Empire is actually two stories. The first is called The General, and tells the story of the empire's last ditch effort to conquer the foundation. The weakness of the first story is that all the action takes place off page. We never see any of the actual combat, we just read the characters talking about it. Also, the resolution comes way too quickly. It feels like Asimov had reached his page limit and decided to end the story as quickly as he could.The second story, called The Mule, is the real draw here. All the previous stories presented a challege for the foundation to overcome. However, it was always expected that the foundation would triumph based on the long term scientific predictions of its founder. The Mule throws in a variable that was not predicted. The appearance of a mutant who swiftly moves to conquer the various planets left in the wake of the old empire's collapse. Ultimately, he sets his sights on the foundation. The best part of the story is a visit to the ruins of the planet Trantor. Former capital of the galactic empire.Having finished this second book, I have come to realize that the Foundation trilogy, while entertaining is certainly not Asimov's best work. Time is not always kind to science fiction and all of these early stories were written before 1950, when Asimov was still a young writer. I plan to continue on to the next book, but I no longer expect to be overwhelmed by the classic status these stories have achieved.

review/helpfulness: 14/14
review/text: This maxi single is actually 50 minutes long with six tracks. The first is the three minute &quot;Tuva Groove&quot; from Ondar's Back Tuva Future CD, followed by techno remixes by Hani, Thievery Corporation, Desert and The Shooter. The real gem here is the &quot;hidden track&quot; from the Back Tuva Future CD which features a very interesting discussion of Ondar, Tuvan throat singing techniques and the late physicist Richard Feynman. This CD is well priced and a serious bargain. Enjoy!

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: I really enjoyed the first two Transformers and was looking forward to this one. In my opinion it was an utter let down. Sure the action was great. The fighting was awesome. But that is what you would expect from a Transformers. The story was lame.. I was constantly wondering what was going on because it kept jumping all over the place. There were a lot of totally unnecessary risque parts. I really was not impressed. Again this is coming from a fan of the series. I really hope they can get it right in the next one or they have lost a fan.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: Daughter of Time captivates the reader without lascivious passages, chilling chases or even punishable villains. There's only a hospitalized, rational detective with a curious mind and a brilliant set of facts. Everyone I've met who's read this story loved it. Enough said.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: I bought this pair of silk sleep pants and another pair of satin sleep pants. Although both were fine, the silk is superior in comfort and worth the difference in price.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: Unfairly ignored during it's initial release this movie deserves another chance.Unlike most war movies this film concentrates not on battles but the heinous acts of some soldiers as they kidnap a girl rape and abuse her.Michael J. Fox plays the one soldier who tries to stand up and do the right thing.Fox proves he's got what it takes to hold his own in a serious part(even better than Bright Lights Big City)and Sean Penn is riveting as the soldier who takes things too far.I saw this in theaters in 1989 and it left me shaken and surprisingly years later it still hasn't lost it's impact.Director Brian DePalma who usually makes stylish gimmick loaded films does a great job here with the serious subject matter.The haunting score by Ennio Morricone that accompanies the poor girl's ordeal will stay in your mind for a very long time.Tough to watch but extremely worthwhile if you're looking for powerful cinema.

review/helpfulness: 7/10
review/text: ...maybe not, but they sure came close! What strange songwriting by this most bizarre of bands. Ranging from psychedelic to hard rocking to progressive to just bizarre--I don't know if listening to this is a guilty pleasure, or if it really is as good as I think it is.I won't bother with Beatles comparisons, others have written about that. I will say that the music contained here lies somewhere between post-Sgt. Pepper era Beatles, early Alan Parsons Project, Meddle to Animals era Pink Floyd, and (yes) Radiohead. Then again, other songs remind me of other bands: "California Jam"(Beach Boys), "Anus Of Uranus" (Crack The Sky), Sir Bodsworth Rugglesby (The Boston Symphony meets The Muppets). It is just a strange mix of demented music.What is most amazing to me about this CD is the production of the music. The sound quality is just awesome, with all sorts of effects, guitars and keys swirling around inside your headphones. Now keep in mind that I say this about the double album CD version. I have heard that this is actually a very flawed mix compared to the individual remasters. I have not heard the other versions, but I can say that I think the double album version is great. (I may have to buy them seperately to hear what everyone's been talking about!)Anyway it is in the production of sounds that draws my comparison to Radiohead. To me, listening to this CD for the first time was much like listening to "OK Computer" or "Kid A" for the first time. There is a lot to listen to, and I mean that in a good way.At the price that Amazon has this available for, I would recommend the two-fer package. If you want to check the remasters individually, I would recommend the following:Klaatu: (a.k.a. 3:47 EST) Buy this one if you are more interested in the more rocking "Beatles-ish" sound.Hope: Buy this one if you are more interested in the "Pink Floyd-ish" sound.Hope this helps.

review/helpfulness: 2/8
review/text: Copeland's joyful Christmas spirit really blasts through in this holiday album. But he didn't include enough of his signature sounds that he is known for on YouTube. As a farting preacher, I thought he would at least have his own solo with the bell choir or maybe some extra pops in "Sleigh Ride." This album puts me in the Christmas spirit but could have been better with just a little more farting. For that, I think Santa would put Copeland on the naughty list for this one. Lord!

review/helpfulness: 12/13
review/text: This work is best read in the context of Reich's work as a whole. In particular, this work is quite different from the rest and reminds us how prolific the author is. In this book, Reich draws parallels between the crucifixion and modern day emotional pathologies. It may be painful for some to read this book. It equates the 'murder of Christ' with a common modern day phenomenon of which we are all active participants.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Caroline Reynolds's "Spiritual Fitness" changes lives. Amazingly, it speaks just as powerfully to me, a 30-year veteran of "human potential" and "spiritual growth" books and workshops who thought she'd read it all, as it would to a neophyte. If you do the simple exercises at the end of each chapter, your life is almost guaranteed to change for the better. But even readers who don't do the homework will find the book uplifting and rewarding. It's easy to read yet profound at the same time.As a woman in a major life transition, I find this book a wonderful companion on my journey of personal growth and change, as it confirms and validates my own intuition and sense of the Truth. One term that especially resonated with me but with which I was previously unfamiliar is "non-alignment fatigue," describing that drain of energy that comes when one is with companions whose emotions are different from our own. Caroline makes it OK to trust our intuition and offers exercises to fine-tune our ability to listen to it. I highly recommend this book!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Unfortunately, this is the first Sea and Cake album that I have been exposed to. Not that it's so bad, it's just that I missed their premier pieces leading up to this. Had I listened to their other stuff before hand... I would say this album deserves maybe seven or eight stars rather than the measly five I'm allowed to offer.Look, hands down, this is TS&amp;C's crowning achievement. In no othere album have I heard this group meld latin flavor in so subtly, so delicately, that it can honestly make you cry. All the Photos is a perfect example of this. The guitar rhythms throughout the record reflect Brazillian patterns but with John McEntire's steady rock feel on the drums, the record never drops in energy even if the songs are slow and sweet.Sam Prekop proves with this record that three-way fusion is possible. He mixes jazz, rock, and latin into one amzing artistic statement in ways that one can only dream possible. Not only that, but his vocals are so mind bogglingly mellow, that this record could not possibly fail. It just makes me wonder how in the world The Sea and Cake are going to mix celtic folk jams into their music... cause they've got to go somewhere else where they left off...

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I can't complain--I absolutely don't need still capabilities as I already have a much better compact digital camera than any camcorder offering. Being able to plug-and-play with iMovie on my iMac simply is amazing.

review/helpfulness: 19/20
review/text: This book is clear, concise, understandable and even funny at times. The authors have done an incredible job of taking a very complicated topic and making it understandable for a lay audience. At the same time, they avoid talking down to the reader.Personal Bankruptcy for Dummies is, first and foremost, a very useful tool for anyone even thinking about bankruptcy. It answers all the questions without preaching or browbeating. It ought to be read by every potential bankruptcy client before they meet with a lawyer.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: From having him grow up a Manhattan gangster to including false photos the author shows an astonishing lack of historical research, especially for a man who has supposedly "spent more than thirty-five years studying the life and times of Billy the Kid." Included is just about every myth ever made up about the Kid with a few new ones thrown in. His sources? Most of these stories don't list any which is funny considering how many professionals have written biographies on him without reporting these. The sources he does list seem pretty disreputable too. He blatantly dismisses the accounts of the people who knew him. There is one page where he lists five accounts of Billy as a boy told by people who knew him and dismisses them all as biased. Not one subject agrees with him except, apparently, the ones who were never interviewed and can't refute him.His evidence that Billy stayed in New York City until he was fourteen and even committed a crime there is based entirely on the ill-kept census records of the time. There were thousands of McCarty's throughout the country and proving one of them to be the Kid is by now impossible. (Astonishingly enough he uses that same argument to prove that it couldn't possibly be the right McCarty family listed in Indianapolis as is the accepted history) He even has to change his and his mother's name to make it better fit his theory having her die before the record has her show up in Silver City.Based upon this flimsy evidence he makes up a complete back-story. He even has him travel all the way back to New York from New Mexico simply so that he can tie him in with a murder there before rushing back to New Mexico again. Again it requires major stretching of the dates and a name change to attribute this to the Kid. If Billy had ever gone by the name of Michael, been 3-4 years older, worked as a tinsmith at any point, and never left New York City then this might seem a more plausible theory. All the newspaper article says is that Michael McCarty aged 20 killed a friend with a knife. No further proof that it is the same person as Billy is listed nor even exists. As he himself states, McCarty is not exactly an uncommon name.This whole book, while fascinating, seems more a work of fiction than of fact. I'd recommend it as that if it weren't so boring and confusingly written. No doubt to hide the lack of any real substance. A real shame.

review/helpfulness: 2/10
review/text: This book is essentially the same as &quot;The Brave New World&quot; but expressed in a totally different way. Somehow, I like the &quot;The Brave New World&quot; better. It gave me a totally different view.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: This DVD is in my library of Great films because it was entertaining but at the same time had a moral I'd like my son to understand.It was comedic in its dealing with the theme of the decades of the 60's and the 70's ( and even today) yet at the same time dealt seriously and respectfully with the topic.There was one theme, of a group's search for recognition of humanity and inalienable rights in the story of a young woman who kills her husband for her freedom and a younger Black man who gives his life in a similar cause. The two ongoing stories were handled in a unique and entertaining manner.I will watch this DVD over again and enjoy it many times in the future. I will watch for other films directed by Antonio Banderas.

review/helpfulness: 5/17
review/text: Possibly the worst movie ever produced ?

review/helpfulness: 1/12
review/text: You can't blame this book for not being able to capture Bruce Lee's technique. Why? Because he had no technique.

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: I loved the feel of the hose unfortunately the cotton lace top has no give and therefore is very uncomfortable and cuts into your thigh.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: This was not a very good movie. I had to sheepishly explain to my wife why we had just wasted two hours of our valuable time. I had read some reviews that indicated that this movie was actually worth watching.Nothing could be farther from the truth! This movie was dry and boring the entire way through. And the suprise twist? An alien encounter would have made more sense.And the ending... If a story has to finish with a paragraph explaining or expounding the ending, then there is definitely something wrong. Unless a story is a true story or added for humor, beware of movies that end with a paragraph on the screen. It means that even the writer didn't like the screenplay.The only redeeming factor in this movie is that you get to see Elizabeth Hurley's chest, albeit from the side only.Anybody want to buy a slightly used copy?

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: This is frightening. Not just because of the volume, the grindingly slow pace, the subsonic frequencies, the sense of revelation through abjection, or even Alan Dubin's tortured vocals. No, what's really frightening is just how MUSICAL Khanate are.They're often described as an evolution from Stephen O'Malley's earlier band Burning Witch: whereas BW was more obviously doom metal (although their two tracks on the Goatsnake/Burning Witch split album pushed the envelope pretty far, and sound more like the later band), Khanate goes way beyond the genre. Think of Swans, or Melvins' more experimental stuff. Most of all, think of Scorn, whose bass player James Plotkin provides the foundation for Khanate's rotting edifices of sound.And there is something architectural about Khanate, a sense of coherent structure that you don't get with most doom metal. Far from just cranking out 16rpm Sabbath riffs, Khanate create a sense of space and atmosphere I haven't heard since Scorn's 'Vae Solis' (THE prototype ambient metal record). Don't get me wrong, there are spine-rattling riffs here. But there's also beautifully teased feedback, near-impressionistic percussion (via Tim Wyskida's 'hammers'), and some surprisingly clean guitar sounds. And how they manage to play in time at this speed is beyond me. It's almost telepathic.Then there's Dubin. Personally I preferred Edgy59's vocals in Burning Witch: he could sound like a murderous psychopath one second and a frightened infant the next, and even convince you there wasn't much difference. Dubin is more aggressive and more self-assured. Superficially the two bands are similar, but where Burning Witch sounded lost and confused, Khanate sound like they've come through that to the other side -- they have suffered into truth.If you like anything else O'Malley has been involved in, any of the bands I've mentioned so far, or Earth, Thrones etc. you will love this. Just don't listen to it on acid.

review/helpfulness: 13/13
review/text: All of the top notch musicianship of this concert performance is finally equaled buy the video and audio of this Blu-ray release shot and edited by long-time collaborator Lasse Hoile. Image quality is superb and this is one of Steven Wilson's best 5.1 mixes to date (which says a lot for the man who earned a Grammy nod for his 5.1 mixes and was commissioned to remix the King Crimson catalog in hi-rez 5.1.) Featuring "Fear of a Blank Planet" (the Quadrophenia of the new millennium)in it's entirety, plus a 2nd set dating songs back to the "Signify" album, this is a wet dream for any Porcupine Tree fan. And as for the rest of the world, they have arrived folks! Refusing to be pidgeon-holed into any one particular category of rock, the band easily segues from Prog Rock to ballads to metal without missing a beat. This release pays tribute to the best quintet of musicians (including long-time live accomplice John Wesley) currently touring. This is the "thinking man's" rock band, one that obligates one to actually invest themselves in the music. Superb. Sublime. Beautifully compelling.

review/helpfulness: 12/12
review/text: No one describes a creature like Alan Dean Foster! Hands down, the very best. His silverslith sent shivers down my arms. I've read it many times, and I even use it to teach my students how to write a descriptive paragraph. His mind knows no bounds when inventing animals, plants, and humans. Probably my favorite fantasy book of all times (though Mid-Flinx) comes in a close second.

review/helpfulness: 19/19
review/text: I became a fan of Christine's writing through her &quot;Dark&quot; series and although this ventured into different territory I was not disappointed. Christine's style and gift for writing wonderful heroes and heroines along with a fascinating story is not lost. Nicoletta is a strong, compassionate, courageous heroine that learns to make the best of a frightening and seemingly hopeless situation. She is forced into marriage with the mysterious Giovanni Scarletti, who's reputation of darkness and danger strikes fear in the hearts of most in her village. To make matters worse once married she will be forced to live in the cursed Scarletti palazzo secretly nicknamed the &quot;Palazzo Della Morte&quot; where few women who enter manage to escape with their lives. Despite her hesitation she soon discovers there is a powerful attraction between she and Giovanni and seeks to unravel the mystery surrounding her own mother's death in the castle years ago. Is Giovanni the monster her fellow villagers whispered he was or could there be much more to him than she first imagined? Giovanni is just the type of hero I enjoy, like the heroine he is one that can both frighten me yet manage to touch my heart at the same time. The story kept me on the edge of my seat. For fans of the paranormal there is that aspect as well. Nicoletta is gifted with a healing power and Giovanni has the power to speak directly into your mind. Kudos to Christine, for the many hours of enjoyment her novels provide!

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: A book of much more depth than the &quot;Chicken Soup&quot; books, though it has something of the same purpose.

review/helpfulness: 8/12
review/text: Having come out almost right after "The Godfather" (though the book came out much earlier), this movie tried to capitalize on Coppola's masterpiece and the publics' appetite for mob flicks, so it had big shoes to fill. By that comparison, it pales. On its own, it fits into the category of movies like, "The St. Valentines Day Massacre." It leaves a little bit to be desired in performances (cerainly in brand name actors aside from Charles Bronson), dialogue and editing/continuity. But the story it tells is true, based on a book that by itself tells the story of a mobster turned informant because of the contract unjustifiably put on his head. The movie satisfies those who crave the ingredients offered in the mob genre- violence, hits, blood, betrayal, loyalty, misguided power hungry individuals, and mistrust. And it can be argued that the cast of largely unknown Italian actors lends a feel of authenticity to the movie. But it does come down to script, dialogue and what is done with it by those actors, and in that, though the movie is a guilty pleasure of mine, it does come up short. But it does detail the hierarchy of the mafia over several years, how that changed due to power struggles, and how it affected those who lived within it. Bronson's Valachi character is the sympathetic figure in this movie and the movie is told from his perspective and that of the FBI agent to whom he provides information- in violation of the oath of mob code of secrecy he's sworn to- in exchange for protection from his assailants (the agent being the only other familiar face in this movie- he from a late 60s/ early 70s police TV show, perhaps "The Mod Squad"). There is some unforgettable dialogue, but unlike "The Godfather," it's for more forgetable reasons. Example? At the funeral of an executed mobster, his widow pleads to Salvatore Maranzano, the head of the mob at the time, to bring life back to her husband. Maranzano's reply? "I no can bring back the dead. Only keel the living." That said, that's actually part of the appeal to this movie. It doesn't purport to be anything it isn't. On it's own devices this is an informative, if not entertaining movie. Not all mob movies, parcularly of this era or earlier, strived to the award winning excellence of "Goodfellas," "The Godfathers," even "Bonnie and Clyde," or "A Bronx Tale"- movies where the dilogue is as vital as the action. In this movie, the dialogue merely pieces the story together, and not much more. Couple other points of note. Jill Ireland, Bronson's real life wife, plays his wife in this movie. And perhaps the most notable to those who are fans of this movie, the sight of the Twin Towers in the background during one scene, in a movie that takes place starting in the 30s. That aside, taken on its own merits, as far as mob movies from its period, this one ain't so bad, which I admit isn't exactly a ringing endorsement.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I have loved Lewis and Martin since I was a child and now I share the fun with my children. My 5 year old loves the hilarious stunts Lewis does and the soda machine scene must be rewound and played over and over. He has tears in his eyes from laughing so hard. I highly recommend for the family.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: There are many stories. But this one is perfect. I will always cherish this book.

review/helpfulness: 17/18
review/text: This is a collection of essays and op-ed pieces previously published in books, magazines, newspapers, etc.America is primarily the country of interest here, though other Western powers are related as well.That said, this is an excellent collection. Energetically all of Zinn's writings stem against the massive tides of bureaucracy, imperialism, racism, big business, atrocities, irony, patriotism and militarism. He adeptly argues against the hypocricy of the past and the present in what I felt to be anticipation of a truly just future. His ultimate point being the need "to achieve justice, with struggle, but without war."Most the writings are concerned with World War II and Vietnam, be it policies, battles or each wars place in history. WWI, Korea, Gulf War I, Kosovo and Yugolsalvia are also written about. As well, modern politics is engaged throughout and then illuminated in the final chapter, titled Beyond Machiavellianism which includes two expansive and frightening essays on U.S. Foreign Policy and the notion of a "just war" versus and "unjust war."This is a call to common sense, pacifism and equality. Zinn presents all of his arguments against a morality that speaks to accountability, responsibility, hope, truths and the imperative of the citizenry to inform themselves and not senselessly accept our leadership's habits or predelictions.A good introduction to Zinn.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I remembered &quot;Wouldn't it Be Good&quot; and &quot;The Riddle&quot; as the ultimate pop-songs from my childhood. Many, many years went by and then suddenly I saw an ad of the album &quot;15 minutes&quot; on a local paper. I was scared: would it destroy all the good memories I had? Would the music still be the same kind of synth-pop or what? ...Well, when I finally had the courage to by the album it totally changed my world. Honestly I cried the first time I heard the album. Imagine a guy sitting on a full bus crying and smiling listening to Nik Kershaw. But I couldn't help myself.It's so rare in today's pop-music that you can instantly hear true emotions from the music. And now I don't mean just the lyrics, but the music itself.Also, the album is so full of the most wonderful and catchy melodies that after you've heard the album a couple of times you won't be able to sleep. You simply can't get rid of the music. The arrangements are also interesting as they were already in the eighties.I've never read a single interview of Nik, but still I love the guy. The man behind this and with a voice like that simply can't be evil.Please buy this album, it can change your world.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: It is now three years since Garbage's successful debut was released to the unsuspecting public also gaining critical acclaim. So is second album, one of the most anticipated albums of the year any good? The immediate answer is mixed, on one hand the songs are better, more developed and accessible. On the other, the band has not advanced in a big way, the album literally Version 2 of the first record. Garbage have taken the traditional pop song and mixed in electronica, pulsating rhythms, multiple samples, fused with the distinctive vocals of Shirley Manson. The title `Version 2.0' is an ideal name for this record as it sounds like a sequel to the first. Underneath the dance-friendly beats and sublime pop melodies you're find the dark and twisted lyrics of Shirley, `Temptation Waits' being an example in "I am a wolf, but I like to wear sheep's clothing". The dark and chilling ballads are once again present on a Garbage record. Like `Milk', `You Look So Fine' has crystalline guitars and weeping strings and `The Trick Is To Keep Breathing' is destined to become a big hit on the air-waves. Two of the best songs on the album borrow hooks from other artists, such as `Push It' taking its "Don't worry baby" melody from Brian Wilson and `Special' sounding like a Pretenders song. Overall then, a technically flawless album that lacks any kind of emotion in it's familiarity.

review/helpfulness: 17/27
review/text: I bought this book because I have always suspected there was more to presocratic philosophy than the classic textbook approach. For example, in Diogenes Laertius several of these philosophers are described as weird mystical figures or even having supernatural powers. Also I read somewhere that the greek word for "thinking deeply" means literally "keeping your diafragm stretched" (or something like that), like in some yogic meditation exercise. So Dr. Kingsley's book seemed interesting enough to me.And it is an interesting book, I don't dispute this. The problems are 1) that the author tries too hard to reach an unrealistically wide audience and 2) that his ego is way too big.The first problem shows first in the big font used for the text and the about 50 blank or near-blank pages used to separate chapters, sections, etc. If the book had been designed in the usual way it would take about 300 pages only. But, more importantly, the text itself is handicapped by the removal of serious explanations or even footnotes (they are all lumped together at the end of the book, but there are no references to them in the text itself) that could make a casual reader uneasy, but that are fundamental for judging the validity of its contents.The second problem is manifest in the structure of the book and in the language used throughout. Why does Dr. Kingsley think his reconstruction of Parmenides philosophy/teaching has any practical relevance for anyone? If you had any spiritual/mystical leaning, you have many options nowadays, some of them representing long traditions, with precisely established teaching methods and vast selections of literature. Why would anyone take what amounts to a mere conjecture and build a mystical system out of it? Ultimately, what we are presented with is Dr. Kingsley's point of view, not Parmenides, not Empedocles, and, no matter how much I want to agree with him, I would not take it as the basis of my personal philosophy. I think Dr. Kingsley should have tried a more verbose exposition of his hypothesis, and dropped the "self-help" angle.Besides, there are some affirmations that look quite doubtful to me, like the continuous link he tries to establish between Parmenides/Empedocles and the Gnostic and Hermetic movements. How, When, Who? I thought it was pretty well understood that those had more in common with neoplatonism and, later, with kabbalah. There may be some Parmenidian influence, who knows, but I would expect it to be indirect and generic. I would consider the Western/Eastern thought mutual influence a much more fruitful line of research. In any case, more substantiation is needed.On the positive side I could say many things (after all I have rated it with 3 stars) but I will mention only two: that the book gave me many ideas to ponder about, even some inspiration, and that it is the best book I have found so far on the topic of presocratic philosophy reinterpretation (but I really hope this is more my fault than its merit).

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: My 2-year old grandson is completely mesmerized by this video. He wants to watch it all the time - and asks for it by name.There are so many good lessons to be learned from this production about what to do in case of a fire - and it is directed to the toddler in such a way that not only does it grab his/her attention - but the message that the video intends to convey is done quite well - with subliminal tones.Be prepared for a different format - an actual trip to the firehouse and a sampling of the life of firefighters with on-camera interviews and interactions. I categorize it as being more educational than pure entertainment - but what a lesson it brings to the little ones!I shared this video with the day-care that my grandson attends - and all of the little ones (toddlers) were taken with it. The mix of real life and regular Sesame Street life is just right for their level of attention and comprehension.As a grandparent of a young child - I highly recommend it as a holiday stocking stuffer. It is well worth the cost in terms of life lessons and is certainly appropriate in today's world.

review/helpfulness: 18/23
review/text: Steve Miller is probably the world's most underated guitarist. He is also very underated as an artist. Your Saving Grace is no exception. The title track is heavy with emotion and while not writen by Miller, shows off the talent of Tim Davis who was the backbone of the early stuff. The forcefull lovesong &quot;Little Girl&quot; and the civil rights motif &quot;Don't you let nobody&quot; are solid rock tracks with a hint of blues and a lot of attitude. &quot;Baby's House&quot; shows off the piano skills of Nicky Hopkins as well as Miller's strength as a vocalist. If you have Miller's box set you are missing out on the full version of this awesome song. &quot;Motherless Children&quot; has a blues twing and a solid emotional base that makes it a classic. While the album is short, it is a good buy. For the Miller enthusist it is well worth it. If not, you might want to start off his early stuff with Antholgy.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Adam Sandler always makes me laugh very easily. I've seen most of his movies(Big Daddy,Mr.Deeds,The Waterboy,)and now Eight Crazy Nights which I have been looking forward to for a little while. The movie is not just laughs but also has a heartwarming style apart from it's constant crude humor. Adam Sandler doesn't just play one voice in the film but three. Also doing voices are Jon Lovitz,and Tara Banks. The bad part of the movie is that it is a little too short. They moved from when the main character was bad and then the next scene he's good. They could have shown what happened in that interval of time between his moods.The film is about Davey Stone(Adam Sandler) who used to be a great nice kid. Davey isn't the greatest person and gets drunk often and is overall not a nice person. His life changes when he rips up a bill in a resturant and rips the guy off. He gets sent to court and is about to be sentenced when Whitey Durvall(Adam Sandler)tells the judge that he could be a ref in training for the youth basketball leaque and Whitey's partner. The movie spans through the eight days of Hankukaa and also how Davey has to change his life with the help of Whitey. Whitey's story is how he is trying to win a patch for the person in the town who has contributed the most. The patch has been running for 35 years and Whitey has not won once.The movie has tons of crude and sexual jokes. In fact every single joke is crude but the movie is still funny and gets my recomendation.ENJOY!

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This is a very cool, very fun game - much in the vein of Ratchet &amp; Clank and Jak and Daxter. The only problems were the maddening camera angles (tough to control) and the feshman swimming controls. And don't bother with the Prima Strategy Guide. It's very basic, dosen't cover the controls, and just skims over the walk throughs. It seems as if it was just slapped together to meet a deadline.

review/helpfulness: 10/15
review/text: I was on the fence between giving 4 stars or 5, because the first two selections just are not a great fit for the rest of the album.(The second selection makes me think of Vince Guaraldi's music for Charlie Brown.)Since I found it Stunning what Ms. Montero can do with such overdone works like the Palchelbel and Albinoni, I had to give it 5 Stars.Like a warm bath - It gives you a more Sensuous Side of Baroque.

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: People often rave about how great this album is -- I really don't see the appeal. At the risk of sounding simplistic, this CD is full of pretensious songs for pretentious people. Bad melodies, not catchy at all, very little edge. Awful. There is so much good music out there, I can't fathom why one would listen to this.

review/helpfulness: 0/21
review/text: It's all been done before but with talented actors. This movie should only be shown in acting school : "Bad acting 101". Totaly unconvincing perfomances all around especially by Emily Hampshire, could that mean bad directing? Don't waste time or money.

review/helpfulness: 16/16
review/text: This is a much updated version of his already excellent first edition.In this edition he shows even less restrain in going against the ADA "Party Line". Maybe because since the first edition there are now several studies clearly showing the benefits of a low carbohydrate diet for everybody, especially diabetics. The good doctor names names, always telling why he is doing so.In this edition he doesn't praise the "glycemic index" anymore, the only not so good recommendation in his first book.My father was diagnosed diabetic six years ago. I gave him a copy of the previous edition of this book and a glucose meter. His life changed. He not only has excellent health with little medication, he also learned to so some "controlled extravagancies" and can eat and drink at parties and events. The he loaned the book to a friend of my brother that reversed his diabetes, sex life included. He even founded a self-help group in his hometown.If you are diabetic, has a loved one who is or if you have "metabolic syndrome", that is, is a diabetic in the making, STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING, GET AND READ THIS BOOK RIGHT NOW.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: The Glass House People - By Kathryn ReissThe protagonist in this book is Hannah. When Hannah was fifteen she ran away from her family, and house. She did this because she felt like she was in love with her sisters &#65533;to be&#65533; husband. One night Hannah was talking to him in his bedroom, and Iris (Hannah&#65533;s sister), walked in, and got the wrong idea. That night he was told to leave the house right away by Hannah&#65533;s an Iris&#65533;s parents. They were all crowded around the top of the staircase, and somehow he fell, cracked his head on the radiator, and died. Hannah&#65533;s goal was to have a good relationship with her family, but mainly her sister. Since what happened, she wasn&#65533;t sure if they would forgive her.Hannah&#65533;s barrier is when she brings her children, Tom, and Beth to her family at her old house, Iris is still thinking that Hannah pushed her husband . Iris refuses to forgive her sister. At the end of the book, they figure out who really pushed him.I liked the author&#65533;s writing style because she didn't go on and on, but instead she just explained what needed to be explained. When I first started to read this book, I thought that it was going to be a romance. I decided to keep reading though, and found that it was more of a mystery. I&#65533;m not one who loves mysteries, but I liked this one a lot! I would recommend this book to anyone who likes mysteries, or who likes to read books that seem realistic.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: i'm so very happy that i've got this movie now. i saw it when i was little, i liked it, and even now i always remembered it and wanted to get it. i know that it doesn't go exactly like the games do, but that doesn't matter to me. there's times when they can't make movies/shows based off of games or books the way they should be, so i'm ok with this. Yoshi did look weird *even back then i thought he looked weird* but hey, it was still funny.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: I got the shippment quickly. But wrong items was sent. I have to return it to the seller. I got the refund pretty quick, but only for the value of product. I spent about &10 for two way shipping without geting anything.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: While I am not usually a fan of books where the hero is overly domineering, I must concede that Christine Feehan writes so well that I enjoy her novels even though the men are so controlling and obsessive it would be frightening in real life.&quot;The Scarletti Curse&quot; is not a part of the Carpathian series, but I found myself enjoying it as much, if not more. The heroine is a healer but in a time where she could be burned at the stake should this secret gift be discovered. In order to protect herself, she pretends to be a healers apprentice. Unfortunately, the one man she wishes to hide this talent from, Giovanni Scarletti, is not fooled.Like much of Feehan's work, the story is very gothic in feel and the villain(s) are truly horrible. While the hero is constantly swooping in and saving the heroine, it becomes more of a joke between the two of them than a tiresome what-a-stupid-girl scenario.I was leary of this novel after being dissappointed with &quot;Lair of the Lion.&quot; This novel is much, much better. If you like her Carpathian series, or are interested in paranormal romance, this is a good book to read.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: The blurb on the cover from the New York Times Book Review says: "Funny, masterly, fine... Superbly written." Like all the other books by Winchester which I have read, this is superbly written, but funny it is not. I'm not sure what the reviewer defines as funny, but after reading travelogues by Bill Bryson and Peter Mayle (which have their share of funny moments) this is a much more scholarly tome. Some of these outposts are in the middle of nowhere and you wonder how people live.I think the chapter I most enjoyed was Gibraltar - only because I know all about the roundabout trip British citizens have to make from getting from Spain to The Rock. (Okay - maybe that was the funny section.) My second favourite section was the Falklands (or should I say Malvinas?) -- I vaguely remember the war and it was nice to get a history lesson from this book. I'm sure my friends in the UK know more about this conflict that I do - but I don't remember a lot of news coverage here in the USA. (Granted, it's 20 years ago, but still - if it's not affecting the USA, the news kind of just skates over it quickly, if it's mentioned at all.)It's fine writing, makes you think about places that you might never otherwise heard of, but at times it's dull and reads more like a history text than a travelogue.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: When one is trying to get a basic overall grasp of Greek mythology, it can be an overwhelming and formidable subject, and one can be at a loss for the best place to start. Most books I've found either give too much detail too fast or else are hit-and-miss selections that don't give a very comprehensive introduction. If that's been your experience too, this book could be an excellent solution to your problem. It gives a highly readable thorough introduction without overwhelming you with details. As an introduction to or review of Greek mythology, it is therefore highly recommendable. Although probably aimed primarily at children, I suppose grown-ups too, if not already expert on the subject, won't find it too elementary.

review/helpfulness: 3/8
review/text: I saw this movie last night and was not too impressed. I'm not going to say it wasn't &quot;realistic,&quot; it's not meant to be. I mean, jeez, look at the game! I will say that I wish it had more in common with the game... too much was changed, in my opinion. Luigi is a young guy (with no moustache!), Toad is some kind of hippie, and the Goombas are shrunken-head dinos. I suppose most people would expect things to be more similar to the original, just like they'd expect a movie based on a book to be similar. I also got the impression that the writer/director really wasn't familiar with the game, maybe that's why there were so many changes. In any case, it is always tough to take a story from one media to another, and it seems to me that the efforts more often than not fall short of the mark.

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: I was highly disappointed with this cd. Perhaps I expected more of the Kharma era Sanders or any of his early 70's releases. Anyhow I've always experienced Sanders as somewhat of a self indulgent artist even on his best records and in fact some of his best playing really is on other peoples records so in some ways I'm not all that shocked at the medocrity of this cd. The music is bland, overwrought and trite somewhat similiar to any of the faceless and equally uninspired New Age releases that you might stumble upon. This cd should be avoided and if you want to here some more current Sanders check out Sonny Sharrocks album &quot;Ask The Ages&quot; that features Sanders without the pretension and self importance.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: I happened to only hear of this book a few weeks back when i read an article about 'Farenheit 9/11'. They mentioned how the title was taken from this book, and it mentioned how this book is about how in the future, firemen burn houses instead of put out fires. It mentioned about this fireman, Guy Montag, who meets a girl but then she vanishes. And in this day of age, their tv parlour, is his wife's family. I was pretty interested in the book and bought it soon after.A week after, and ive completed the short novel based on three short stories. I really liked it a lot, and there are lots of things which, even though this was written in 1953, that are similar to whats going on these days. There was one paragraph, where Montag says about America attacking countries for no reason. Now what does that remind you of? The whole book is Montag journey in discovering what books really are, how much of an inpact they have on people, and the truth.Overall, i would recommend this book. Its a very deep book, that makes you think about whats going on these days.

review/helpfulness: 4/14
review/text: This is a great movie,A must to see.

review/helpfulness: 7/18
review/text: Look at the album's cover and listen to some song samples; you'd think that the music on 'Arular' would be more revolutionary. Instead, it's a lot of simple beats (that most people could program with Fruity Loops) and somewhat grating vocal stylings, with lyrics and packaging that feign to but don't have much of a point. Many of the reviews I read before purchasing the album referenced Maya's storied past ("revolutionary" father, living in the UK, etc.) as well as a recommendation from Trent Reznor. However, Maya doesn't seem to transfer many of those varied experiences to her music. Sure, she may dis George W. and use the word "bombs", but does referencing keywords such as these a revolutionary make? I think not. How seriously can you take someone whose opening track consists of her repeating the syllables of "banana"? Many of her lyrics wouldn't sound out of place on the latest Lil' Jon album.If you're looking for music that doesn't pretend to be something it's not, check out The Bug's "Pressure", The Clash's "Sandinista" (what does Maya think she's accomplishing by referencing the Clash?), Basement Jaxx, or the multitude of Timbaland productions that Maya seems to idolize so much.It may sound like I have a vendetta against Maya and her producers (some of the beats would sound great in a mix). I don't: I'm simply trying to balance some of the hype with a more realistic point of view. Something's not classic if it's merely a pastiche of other things.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I bought this unit recently as i wanted a personal media player with good facilities and a large storage capacity (I bought the 8GB model). The unit looks lovely, has a very nice user interface, and excellent sound and picture quality.I bought an 8GB micro SD HC card to increase the total storage to 16GB.Here's the catch. The firmware in the unit is buggy; this makes the player unreliable and very annoying to use.After doing a full charge (12 hours), I loaded up the player from WMP11 in MTP sync mode - this requires you to sync to 2 separate devices: internal memory and external card. Once I had completed the upload, which took several hours, I removed the USB cable and the player rebooted.Ever since then, it has intermittently refused to power up. Sometimes when you switch it on, after displaying the Sansa splash screen for a few seconds, it simply switches itself off, freezes or crashes. On other occasions it gets stuck, saying 'refreshing database'. This occurs about 50% of the time, even after a full charge cycle. It seems to be worse if you have left it switched off for over 24 hours.I downloaded the Sansa firmware updater and installed the latest firmware update (01.03.02A) but this has not fixed the problem. I have to say I am frustrated by these bugs which spoil an otherwise fine product. I am consequently returning this product to Amazon, and will continue to look elsewhere for a personal media player.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: If you have liked the first two of Director Michael Bay's Transformer movies, you will like this one as well. If you thought Transformers was good, and Transformers: Revenge of the fallen was just OK, then you are in the same boat I am, and you will be pleasantly surprised by Transformers: Dark of the Moon. If you hated them both, then you're not reading this.The visuals are, as has been the case with this iteration of Transformers, outstanding. The Blu-ray quality is a must in my opinion as the details in the action sequences are spectacular. I personally don't have a 3D television so I cannot comment on that feature, but, the video and audio quality made watching in high definition with an average sound system a very fun experience. The visuals are very clear, the colors look great, and all of the explosions rumble proudly.The story is, well, good enough. I wasn't watching for the story. I was watching for big robots and stuff blowing up. The story delivered that in large supply. If the goofiness of Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen turned you off, I can honestly say that it has been toned down here, and the action, not the dialogue, carries this film. You will have a much easier time believing that giant transforming robot aliens exist, than believing that Rosie Huntington Whiteley chooses to date an unemployed Shia LaBeouf however, when there is a billionaire "McDreamy" Patrick Dempsey knocking on the door.Overall, transforming robots look really cool blowing up a city, and that's what this disc is all about. Enjoy.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I first saw this film when I rented it with a &quot;buy one get one rental free&quot; coupon, so I obviously didn't expect much from it. I saw the fancy cover art and thought it would be a short, inane film that wouldn't hold my interest. I was so incredibly wrong, and after I finished the film, I couldn't wait to go out and buy it. &quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is sheer brilliance from start to finish, never letting your attention drift from the action on the screen. From the pounding techno soundtrack to the incredible camera angles and effects, the film is a wild ride to say the least.The plot involves the loss of 100,000 marks by a scatterbrained wanna-be crook named Manni who also happens to be the boyfriend of Lola. If Manni does not deliver the 100,000 marks to his gangster boss, Ronnie, in 20 minutes, Manni will be squashed like a bug. From here, the action begins. Lola frantically tries to replace the money for Manni, and she encounters many obstacles along the way. The most mind-blowing part of the movie is the alternate endings that show the various ways Lola must try to come up with the money.I was wondering how the filmmakers would stretch this film out to feature length, considering the plot begins and ends in 20 minutes, but they have done a masterful job of it. Simply put, &quot;Run Lola Run&quot; is not to be missed, it is one of the best foreign films you will ever see!

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: This book vaguely breezed across history and went into various types of timber structures. The mortise and tenon joints that were illustrated were fascinating but not practical for a home builder.

review/helpfulness: 12/21
review/text: I think a great many people are aware of WHY they overeat. It's the action of changing that behavior that is the problem, and I found the solutions in this book simplistic and inadequate.

review/helpfulness: 5/9
review/text: I have never given less than 4 star review anywhere but I feel that this product needs a disclaimer. The lower rating in this case is because this is NOT a HALTI yet it is the first thing that shows up with you search for a HALTI collar on Amazon.com. For someone who doesn't know the difference, they will likely end up with this product. This collar is significantly different from a Halti. It's also easy for this collar to be used in a way that is very uncomfortable for a dog. We bought two and got to our training class only to be told that we had the wrong product. We were also told by the trainer that it an unacceptable tool for training a dog when a Halti is required. It fits differently and functions differently. When she took this product off the dog and replaced it with a real Halti, the dog behaved totally differently (in a positive way). I'm guessing that many have found this to be a worthwhile product. I'm grateful that I was shown the difference, thanks to the trainer. I'm grateful too that she pointed out how easy it is for this product to be used in a way that is extremely uncomfortable for the dog. If you find your dog trying to get this thing off, that could be why. I'm happy that we are now using a real Halti. I'm sharing this as a heads up to others so they can make an informed decision. Had there been a clear disclaimer, I would not feel the need to write this.

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: IF You want ur' 36 chambers backHere's the deal1. Stop buying all Wu Tang releases,YES I MEAN ALL, whether is new or old,good or bad and any wu- tang related, because i got a feeling they are not gonna coming back with a good one, if we asked them to make a good record, they will tell us to buy they old record. I think they just lazy,today they just wanna make money, not a record, let them know without a NEW GREAT record, there is no fan will gonna buy their albums and that mean is no money. They think they could playin us for keep buying their albums while they busy tryin' to please HIP-POP fans, if they "up and coming" album is not a WU -TANG album that we all know ( kung fu sample, whole lot of RZA's beats, none other than Wu families "in house" guest) DO NOT BUY IT !!!2. Do not buy ANY Wu-Tang clothes, shoes or any product related to them.3. Do not visit their site, if you had a fanzine dedicated to them, you know what to do, DISACTIVE IT !!4. Stop requesting their song on the radio( if they do ), tell the radio dj to not playing their song,and if you hear one of their song being played in the club tell the dj too shut it off.5. If you fell unlucky for bought their recent albums (lex diamond story, the movement,tical prequel, the birth of prince) you all can gather with other feel unlucky wu-tang fan, to collect all albums that i already mentioned, and burn those album all into dust as sign of our rejection, tape this action and put it on the internet ,or the picture of it on your local underground paper(school, campus or whatever).6. Please spread this message.Don't get me wrong, i love WU, I just tryin' to save them. If you hate this idea, do you have somethin' better. Sometime we have to be hard dealin' with somethin that we love, it is likewoopin' your child @ss when he\she done somethin really bad. Me and all my friends in Indonesia (we are die hard wu-tang fans) already starts this movement, let them know that we which is their fans, HATE their new direction( they took the downroad).We gonna run this ban until their give us their truest form. Do you remember the day when the Wu album out,you just go and buy it without listening it first or care what other people say, but today i had to download it first and read a bunch of reviews.I miss that good old days, maybe they should heard their own song "Can it be all so simple", if you fell like the way i feelLET THE MOVEMENT BEGINRUBBY W

review/helpfulness: 9/12
review/text: this movie was okay i guess....im 11 and i really think i'm getting too old for the olsen twins....even there new movie New York Minute was way too "young"ish letz just say this movie is very very PREDICTABLE! i only bought this movie becuase i thought it was about SOCCER! ok only about 5 minutes out of the whole movie shows soccer...the is mostly boyz,switching places,boyz,and what a suprise...BOYZ! when they filmed this movie they musta been about 12....who makez such a predictable movie for young girlz about mostly BOYZ when there 12? this movie is PERFECT for 8 year old girlz who need someone to look up to....for all others....DONT BUY IT OR RENT IT

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This package contains all six episodes from the first season of ABC's hit sitcom THREE'S COMPANY. It premiered on March 15,1977 starring the late John Ritter as Jack Tripper,a young handsome aspiring chef who was then studying the culinary arts. Joyce DeWitt is Janet Wood,a brunette beauty who works in a flower shop and Suzanne Somers as blonde beauty Chrissy Snow who immediately interests Jack in many ways. Supporting cast members are the late Audra Lindley as Helen Roper and the late Norman Fell as Helen's husband Stanley. Stanley and Helen are the trio's landlords. In the first episode,Jack is asleep in the bathtub following a drinking binge from a party given by Janet and Chrissy the previous evening. The party was for Eleanor,Jack's predecessor in apartment 201. Eleanor had gotten married and given birth to a seven-pound and nine-ounce baby boy. So after Jack cooks a delicious breakfast for Janet and Chrissy,they invite him to be their new roommate. When Jack introduces himself to the Ropers,who live directly below the trio,he tells them he's moving in. But Stanley strongly denies until Janet told him Jack was gay(Stanley could never fathom a straight male platonically living with two straight women). In episode #2,Jack arrives with his belongings via taxicab from the YMCA where he previously resided,to apartment 201. He rings the bell,but instead of a chime he hears Stanley reacting to the electricity immersing in him as he was fixing the doorbell. Chrissy's mother came to L.A. for a dentist's appointment and planned to stay at the apartment. She sleeps in what would become Jack's bedroom and Jack sleeps on the couch(Jack would do that whenever there were house guests). In episode #3,it's Chrissy's birthday and the trio would celebrate amongst themselves. Stanley's young beautiful niece Karen is staying with the Ropers and Stanley pays Jack $50 to take her out despite Stanley believes Jack is gay. Jack promised the date would only last 20 minutes and he would come back home in time for the birthday celebration. Janet and Chrissy are furious with Jack. On the date,Jack who drives Stanley's car,had some trouble with it. It overheated on the freeway. He uses the $50 to reclaim the cameo Janet had hocked a while back for rent money. Jack and Karen are kissing in the Ropers' apartment and when the Ropers awake,Stanley catches Jack and Karen and immediately evicts him from apartment 201("He was acting normal,that's sick!"). The eviction is cancelled after Karen,according to Stanley,practically attacked Jack and he showed no interest. In episode #4,Jack brings home a puppy,unaware that pets are forbidden in the apartment. Richard Kline as Larry Dallas,makes his first appearance on the show. Jack owed Larry $25 and Jack took the puppy to cancel the debt. Larry would later become Jack's best friend and the trio's upstairs neighbor. The trio parents the dog until Helen takes it in. A sleepwalking Chrissy planted the dog on the Ropers' doorstep. Helen declares the dog an anniversary present from Stanley. In episode #5,the trio redecorate the apartment and take a break to go to the neighborhood pub,the Regal Beagle,first seen in episode #2. There,at the bar are two guys and one of them takes interest in Chrissy. Chrissy feels harassed by the guy. He overhears Jack telling Janet and Chrissy that men are naturally stronger than women. He,the "creep",finds a "man" in the joint,Stanley. The "creep" accidentally spills Stanley's brandy and asks the bartender to give Stanley another one. Later Jack finally gets tough with the creep and for his(Jack's) so-called heroism,is given an on-the-house shot of whiskey. The creep harassed both Janet and Chrissy. In episode #6,Janet and Chrissy are out $300 in back rent money. Thinking the money was stolen,they call the police. Jack tries to get $300 from the financial aid department at his college and is denied. Janet and Chrissy don't realize until the end,that they had already paid the rent. Stanley naturally took the money,in an envelope with the word 'rent' on it, while doing a repair job. But he failed to leave a receipt indicating he received the payment(the tenant's/s' copy was still attached to his receipt book!).

review/helpfulness: 14/18
review/text: Huxley's novel is set on the "forbidden" island of Pala, somewhere in the Indian Ocean. Some one hundred years before the novel begins, a doctor was called to Pala in an effort to cure the local King of cancer. He ended up staying permanently, and therewith influencing Pala's social evolution.As fate would have it, the good doctor was blessed with an open mind, and so the distinctly Western influences he brought to Pala were benign - in fact helpful. Between his New Age science and the King's Tantrik Buddhism, the island maintained a stunning balance between the Eastern and the Western. Everything clicked. Utopia.On the island, education is biological, spiritual, and deeply psychological. Teachers start with ecology, and gradually "bridge" to every other area of thought - even metaphysics. Although children are given all the time in the world to use their imagination, Pala's teachers "never give children a chance of imagining that anything exists in isolation. Make it plain from the very first that all living is relationship. Show them the relationships in the woods, in the fields, in the ponds and streams, in the village, in the village and the country around it. Rub it in."Religion on Pala was pantheistic and pagan in nature. Lots of references to Buddhism, Taoism, chanting, and inner spirituality. In fact, the book itself is a sort of spiritual tour de force, wherein Huxley promulgates another beautiful version of his Mind with a capital M theory.Industrialization of the island never really occurred as such. Instead, Palanesians embrace selective industrialization (no motor scooters, no Sears and Roebuck) and import certain technologies to meet daily needs - like massive refrigeration units to keep crops from rotting between seasons, and a small degree of electricity to support scientific research and whatnot.Pala's sociological structure is strange strange Huxleyan strange. A mixture of social parenting, fertility control, and religious ceremonies involving "moksha-medicine" - "the reality revealer, the truth-and-beauty pill" - "four hundred milligrams of revelation" - the best way to keep the islanders from biting into the "Tree of Consumer Goods." (Why chase the Western god of innovation when you can chase the dragon?)As one of the natives, Dr. Robert, points out, "We don't give ourselves coronaries by guzzling six times as much saturated fat as we need. We don't hypnotize ourselves into believing that two television sets will make us twice as happy as one television set. And finally we don't spend a quarter of the gross national product preparing for World War III or even World War's baby brother, Local War MMMCCCXXXIII." Instead the conduct more research on maksha, hone educational techniques, and make lots and lots war oldest enemy, love.Like any good utopia, a number of critical issues must be addressed head-on. The reality issue is one. On this note, Huxley scores a perfect ten. The book is very realistic; so much so, in point of fact, that he drags the reader to the bottomless depths of "Pure and Applied Pointlessness" and the "Essential Horror" (the omnipresence of death, the precarious of all existence) before building and bridging into Pala's social philosophy of "Pure and Applied Mahayana" Buddhism and "Pure and Applied Science" - a religious and practical science of optimism and wellbeing.It is only after diving and climbing out of these incredible depths solitude and despair that one learns to see again. "Liberate your selves from everything you know and look with complete innocence at this infinitely improbable thing before you. Look at it as though you'd never seen anything of the kind before, as though it had no name and belonged to no recognizable class. Look at it alertly but passively, receptively, without labeling or judging or comparing. And when you look it, inhale its mystery, breathe in the spirit of sense, the smell of the wisdom of the Other Shore."Nor does Huxley reconfigure human nature with a literary sleight of hand, making everyone good little boys and girls. Every society has the possibility of creating a Hitler, a Tito or a Stalin, and so does Pala. But it doesn't. The Palanesians employ therapy "on all fronts at once" with an eye toward prevention over treatment. With detection, prevention, and four hundred milligrams of revelation, all problems are curable. Not the mention the love - which this island has in spades.All told, Huxley has given us a wonder utopia and, perhaps more importantly, a thoroughgoing critique of Western Civilization. A must read for anybody who wants to discover their inner "suchness" and reach the Other Shore, where all is illuminated. "Sunsets and death; death and therefore kisses; kisses and consequently birth and then death for yet another generation of sunset watchers."

review/helpfulness: 4/8
review/text: ...Anyway, Eight Crazy Nights is the exact oppposite of Adam Sandler's preceding film, Punch Drunk Love. And in the first 15 minutes of it, Sandler loses all "critical credibility" that he gained in his last movie... which isn't &lt;i>necessarily&lt;/i> a bad thing...The movie tries to be too many things at once. It attempts to be a grossout teen-flik while at the same time, tries to be the warmhearted holiday film.Overall, if you like adam sandler, see it. it'll be worth... yyeaahh..

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: The original transformers were meant to be a two sided commodity, to be so one half would be a cartoon and the other an action figure line. The cartoon, to be successful would have to be accepted by kids and their parents. To please children it contained action, cars, and a variety of characters, some silly some serious. To please parents the shows would have a passing moral and a code of conduct. In the first animated Transformers movie that code changed and Optimus Prime died.As I skimmed this movie I was treated to a world of unrealistic fantasy. There seemed to be some fun points, but overall this was a silly movie that crammed together pop icons, more story than was really useful, unbelievable relationships and situations (this is with suspension of disbelief at level 11) and a complete lack of any moral. In fact, when the final battle came to a conclusion it was the hero of the Autobots who took it into his own hands to brutally kill his two foes. The only good thing about this ending is that those foes would be necessary for a sequel. Optimus Prime and the entire cast of characters are all very much adult, all very much amoral when it comes to the enemies they face and the enemies the Autobots face are of course very amoral themselves.So it comes down to a question of who cares. Who cares if the main human character has trouble finding a job, his girlfriend is smoking hot (but didn't she have black hair at some point?). Who cares if the Earth is threatened, we know it isn't going to be destroyed anyway. Who cares about the Autobots, they are friendly to humans, but they are just as violent as the Deceptocons when you get down to it. Who cares about the humans, they are a bumbling mess. Who cares about those two ity bity Autobots? Wait, I did, I actually thought their deaths (if they did die) were quite heroic.So that is that, the stakes were low, my investment was low, and this movie, though a commercial success will surely go on the list of rarely watched movies from the teens because it truly sucks.

review/helpfulness: 14/14
review/text: The Thread That Runs So True was a marvelously written autobiography with much meaning. Jesse Stuart wonderfully depicted his life as a school teacher. Somewhat near the beginning of the book, the written meaning of the title is revealed when Stuart is singing a song containing the words. The thread that runs so true is play, which is emphasized throughout the book. Yet, there is a more meaningful lesson taught. Contextually, it is evident that the thread is also the teaching profession itself. Stuart's thread would most likely be the country life. After being a successful teacher and administrator, traveling abroad, and numerous other ventures, he returns to his Kentucky home and farms sheep. This is fantastic for almost any audience, students, teachers, and those who were once either or both. It is filled with unbelievable experiences from Stuart physically fighting his students to him being shot at for dating a particular lady. In the case of good fiction, you must remind yourself that the events didn't actually happen. In reading this book, I learned that with the most interesting non-fiction, you must realize that the events actually did occur.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Just shut your traps for a moment. It's a bit poppy, sort of indie rock, and still a throwback to the spaced out technical metal that made &quot;Dimension Hatross&quot; a transcendently unreal album. They incorporate more muffled strumming bass/guitar impacts in the style of mainstream bands like Pantera, but these musicians are serious about reforming after loss of a member and making competitive, current music. Still listenable to this day, &quot;Negatron&quot; is both emotional and coldly logical, violently lowbrow and mentally mutilatingly highbrow. Enjoy it if you have the headspace.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I bought the album as soon as it was released in New Zealand after seeing Nanci on the Bob Dylan anniversary concert video singing &quot;Spanish Boots of Spanish Leather&quot;. Apart from this video and the guest appearance with the Chieftans it was hard to obtain videos of Nanci in this country. I have most of her albums. This video is superb. The quality of the concert production is excellent. The background dialog gives you an appreciation of her background. The songs performed are not exactly as per the album which is a bonus as you get to appreciate other ways of producing the songs. The feeling that comes over is the commitment and honesty of Nanci. She communicates with her audience on an awesome level and this is translated into the viewer's experience. This video is a must for all Nanci fans and lovers of mainstream country.David Askew,Auckland, New Zealand

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: Waste Of Time & Money... I found that if you want to win big, just put the money into a savings account & watch your money grow! Pay YOURSELF not this author.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: In this day of "Will and Grace," where homoerotic humor has made it to prime time, some people might find it difficult to remember just how tight the closet still was in 1973. As his sparkling-intense "Ziggy Stardust" alter ego, David Bowie didn't just sing songs about outer-space, he was FROM outer space as far as mainstream society was concerned.The magic of this concert is multi-fold. There is the poignancy of its being the last show. The musical mastery that came from a long tour of live playing. Then there is David himself, who as Ziggy Stardust is the embodiment of true freedom and liberation; who emanates the full sphere of his being as both a masculine and feminine individual in one body.Even today there are places in America where a man in makeup risks being beaten to death with rocks. In 1973 there were a lot more of those places; this film captures the full brilliance and courage of of David Bowie's talent as a counterweight to the "normal" of his time, which all too often was nothing more than a thin veil of civilization over a lurking, violent ignorance.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: Please i can't decide. I have NEVER seen, played, or touched an Advanced Pet. At toywiz.com com, they have all the pets you would want. Pet1 ,Pet2 ,progress pet.wHAT TO BUY! I read everything i can to find out. I have $91. I could buy almost all of them. But... which one to buy?! this one sounds okay. I never heard anything about the progress pet. But it sounds so good. So if you are willing to help me, post it on the next review. Then i will decide out of all three, which is the best, and until i find out, i will tell all megaman fans, about the best p.e.t.!!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Worked great. But, I had WPA setup to use AES encryption on my wireless network prior to connectiong this adpater. That is wrong. Change WPA to use "TKIP" encryption on your wireless network (if you have Linksys router, you have a choice between AES and TKIP.) If you don't do this, you will scratch your head and wonder why the TIvo adapter is "not working."Also, after you successfully connect, Tivo may fail to call home properly. Simply reset the Tivo. Even though Tivo says it will "not save" your changes. It actually does save your changes, and after the reset, everything will work nicely.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I have owned this album since the week it was released in '97, and it is still one of my most frequently played albums ... not because I have an unhappy life (in fact, FAAAAAAAAAR from it!), but because sometimes life is so emotional, and you want to hear music that is emotional. I often quote the lyrics of the songs of this album to friends that are going through difficult times, because most of us have been in places that resemble the situations framed in these songs during our life.Also, now looking back at how the artist's life has played out since the recording of this album, you can see how things have changed ... it's an opportunity for someone to see a person in a low place in life, and see that the same person has found joy in life with a new companion and a new baby. Whether or not you believe that she made the right choice, you see the capability to go from despair to happiness again. I hope you also find the joy and hope reflected behind her eyes.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: Although highly regarded in its day, &quot;Lilies of the Field&quot; is now considered a relic of the civil rights era or Hollywood's token Oscar &quot;gesture&quot; to a Black performer. This is unfortunate, since it underrates both the film and Poitier's textured performance. &quot;Lilies...&quot; is a simple, funny and touching story that emphasizes respect for the differences in people. Lilia Skala gives a powerhouse performance as the Mother Superior, almost stealing the film from Poitier. She gives just the right measures of rage and prideful determination to make her character sadly noble. Hers is one of the most memorable supporting performances on film, and she deserved an Oscar as well. But this is Poitier's show, and he gives the character of Homer humor, rebeliousness and magnanimity that make him unique in films. Rather than the usual angry political stance Hollywood takes with anything involving race, this character is presented as simple, decent, a little lost, but just an average man doing the best he can. There's nothing &quot;special&quot; about him, which makes the character (and Poitier's performance) special and memorable. Of note in this edition, the digital transfer of the film is especially crisp and vivid, not the usual slack job MGM does with these older films. Unfortunately, there are almost no extras, and it would have been great to have a commentary by Poitier to listen to. Still, this is a memorable film for the whole family. Makes me wanna holler.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Charles Manson is still alive today. He is 75 yrs. old.He is still crazy. All of the ones convicted are still alivetoday and in prison except for Susan Atkins. She diedof cancer. They are in their 60's. None of them will everbe paroled.If you are a first time reader of this book you are in for atreat. This is a true crime classic. It is excellent. Verywell written.Hippie Charles Manson is a small, troll of a man. He isugly, he stinks and he is mean as a snake. You will havea hard time understanding how this man had such controlover the young people in his group.He controlled with sex and LSD.He always asked each member if they would die for him.He also asked them to kill for him. Most did.Charlie not only had those 7 people killed on those 2nights in Aug.1969 but he killed many of his group membersand any one who dis-respected him in any way.I can say 2 good things about Charlie--he would not eat meatand he never killed an animal. But, this is also true of Hitler.His varied crimes covered many Calif. counties and it washard to solve cases involving his group because many policedepts. did not share info with each other. It is a miracle thathe was ever arrested and tried for anything.The court room scenes and Vince Bugliosi the dist. atty.arebrilliant. Vince is a master in the court room. He had Charlieright from the beginning.I have read this book over many many times. I think you willend up doing the same. I have bought many copies and giventhem to my friends. The book and crime is over 30yrs old.You will never forget it. I was a soph in college when it happened.I was scared when I heard about it. I was a thousand miles awayin Oklahoma.Charles brought an end to the generation of peace and love. Itwas a time of make love, not war and turn on, tune it and dropout. His killings ended all that. Hippies had turned into killers.Please read this book.NOTE -- I think you will also like THE SEA WILL TELL andTILL DEATH DO US PART by Vince. Good true crime stories.

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: This is a real bargain...8 movies on 2 DVD's. I enjoy the older British movies, so this was a perfect purchase.

review/helpfulness: 8/13
review/text: Whether you are a newbie in science, or do research, Milloy's work is exceptionally relevant, and at the same time intensely interesting.Sadly, there seem to be very few people doing exactly what is needed in this growing area of scientific vandalism, and I applaud Milloy's courage in writing this work and others on the same or similar topic. He shows great creativity in the style and format used to write this work. It is exceptionally interesting to read, and captivates. My copy was on my office desk for exactly three days, and then without a routing list made it way through some of the science staff.I wish I had kept the statistics on this, and could plot the exact point that this work seeded an intense discussion. Perhaps a critical mass of people had been reached, and the fallout was exceptional. I suppose it will simply take more time as more and more people read, and understand the difficulties Milloy cites. It would be a shame to re-live the problems of yesteryear, and with Milloy showing the problems before they become epidemic, a double shame.Awareness if so very difficult to acquire, but Milloy does help open eyes. I would heartily recommend this book.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I think this book is great. I love DHC's writing style and humor. His perspective is refreshing and clever -- a book of discovery as travel is -- new discoveries around every corner!

review/helpfulness: 11/23
review/text: This film has nothing to do with Homer's epic, save that the names of the characters are kept as well as the bare outline of the story. Book 9 (The cylcops episode) perhaps he greatest book of the poem is reduced to [junk](oh by the way Odysseus does not kill Hector- Achillles does).And Achilles would never lead his men into a cave and steal food in the first place, Anyway the poem among many other things explores the nature of KLEOS--(reknown) and Odysseus's kleos does not fit any of he conventional definitions. 1 He is a Bowman (not pictured in the film)--which means he gets to fight behind the lines of the hoplites 2 He is self-serving--almost hubristic as he himself reveals in Books 9-12 the longest sustained 1st person narration in epic (Virgil ties to copy it) 3 He constantly gets his shipmates into trouble (not a great commander). He is a liar and the opposite of the traditional Greek Hero (This is why Ajax turns his back on him in the underworld) He is however a great storyteller--and that itself is a kind of KLEOS. The language of Book 9 is so replete with puns and formulae whose natures become ironically charged coming from Odysseus mouth, that it is one of the most subtle exploations of tradition ever composed. One (and this includes Sophocles) does not know what do make of him--do we admire him or hate him? He is finally sui generis which is why he has been depicted in so many ways throuhout history. This is the CORE of the poem--a center which the film ignores. For a good rendition of the Odyssey watch O Brother Where art Thou? Or read Joyce's ULYSSES.

review/helpfulness: 24/26
review/text: I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use. These shoes do it all- look nice, keeps water out, and is the most comfortable I have ever worn. I am looking to get the exact same pair- but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice, they are worth the price.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: Moo Young Han, a professor at Duke, must be a great teacher, and this book gives everyone the chance to share in the excitement and wonder of particle physics. Han can make all those esoteric terms like quark, meson, lepton, and neutrino meaningful and interesting, which is no small feat. I finally understand how all the particles relate to each other and the larger universe, and enjoyed reading the book in the process.

review/helpfulness: 13/13
review/text: I've had acid reflux/GERD for more than 10 years. Even with Prilosec, which eliminated daytime reflux, I would still have flare ups when lying horizontally in bed. My doctor recommended raising the head of my bed 6 inches but let's be real - who wants to sleep with their whole body on an incline like that? This type of angled pillow is the perfect solution. I did lots of research - there's quite a few types of wedge-shaped pillows to choose from, all of which are meant to alleviate the symptoms of GERD. I decided that even though the Prop Up Pillow costs more than some competing versions of similar pillows, the larger size and memory foam material would be worth it. I'm a tall guy so having a few extra inches to work with can make a huge difference. I saw immediate results the very first night. No more waking up with that acidic taste in my mouth, sore throat, and hoarse-sounding voice. No more waking up in excruciating pain during the night to chomp down a handful of antacids.It did take some experimentation to figure out how to sleep on it, and took a few nights to get used to sleeping with half my body on an incline. By the fourth night it felt normal. I bought the souped-up version that comes with lumbar and neck support pillows but I've found it's easier using the Prop Up Pillow with my regular pillow on top of it. The lumbar and neck supports didn't provide any noticeable difference, so consider buying just the larger pillow and save yourself the extra $ (you can buy without the extra pillows at http://propuppillow.com/).As for size, its larger shape is very accommodating. I'm 6'2 with broad shoulders and I fit on it just fine. I can also see this easily supporting someone up to 6 inches taller. Other wedge-shaped pillows meant to treat GERD are not as large and I can't imagine a tall person sleeping on something smaller than this.Only two downsides to report, neither of which is significant:#1: Combined with my regular pillow on top of the Prop-Up Pillow, I'm now over a foot higher than my wife when laying in bed. It's a bummer to not be able to cuddle as we fall asleep. But if we really want to cuddle I just put the pillow on the floor till it's time to fall asleep.#2: I've found that I slide down on the pillow so when I wake up in the morning I'm about 6 inches lower from where I started. The pillow is big enough that my shoulders are still raised above my stomach and I haven't experienced any night-time acid reflux so it still works even with the shifting. I suppose some amount of shifting during the night is to be expected, so just be aware of that.Overall, I give the Prop-Up Pillow 5 stars. I give it my highest recommendation to anyone who has GERD/Acid Reflux and especially those who have the worst symptoms when laying in bed.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: I purchaised this book while I was doing my Ph.D. I am happy that I now have a chance to write about it. Few books on mathematics are so enjoyable to read as this one. It explains concepts with amazing clarity. It guides you through all the necessary mathematics and will infact motivate you to take up mathematics as your major. This book should never go out of print. The author has made a long standing contribution by writing this book. There will be thousands of students who will be appreciate this book for generations. I would say buy it, with your eyes closed. You will never regret it.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: In this superb book, Trevor does what he has done in some of his other novels, especially &quot;Other People's Worlds.&quot; Trevor takes the basic elements of what could easily have been a simple thriller, a piece of genre fiction, and elevates it to something much more adult. He should be on the short list for the Nobel Prize.

review/helpfulness: 13/15
review/text: Mamdani, who is a professor of political science at Columbia, has written one of the best books on this topic. This book brings out issues that are often disregarded in the media. Mamdani provides a very clear and through analysis of the Islamic world and the origin of the modern tension between the U.S. and Muslim countries. I specifically liked his analysis of Reagan years. Overall, the book is well-written and all the claims in the book are supported with ample evidence.

review/helpfulness: 13/21
review/text: If you liked the movie, don't buy this book! It was the worst compilation of meandering thoughts that I have read since, well, since ever. This book left me wondering: &quot;Huh?! What were you thinking?!&quot;But, if you are the ever true believer in MIB (not the movie), black helicoptors, and cow mutilations, this just may be the book for you. If you will accept an explaination for parnormal events, presented in a matter of fact form, as truth, without further explaination as to how such conclusions are reached, then you will accept, probably love, this book. However, for me, a reasonable person, wishing for education, not blanket belief, this book is nothing more than a waste of money. I would gladly send you, dear reader, this book for free, saving you the cost of purchase, but the shipping fee is too great a cost, considering that I may use the book for fuel for a fire to warm me on a cold winters night...It reminds me of the great words of Eric Cartman: &quot;Well, they took me up in their spaceship, and Scott Baio gave me pinkeye&quot;. Your pinkeye, Mr. Keel, was probably caused by rubbing your eyes too much...trying to stay awake while creating such garbage.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I can't claim to have much knowledge about bluegrass music, nor have i listened to it often prior to this album. What i can claim is that upon listening to this stunning piece of work, i was awestruck by it's natural and organic beauty. No studio trickery here folks, just raw musical talent, coupled with dolly's magical voice and charm.When listening to this remarkable album, you will honestly feel like you have been transported to some smokey mountain. The music is that rich, and lyrically, it is beyond exceptional. Dolly is a story-teller, and when she sings a verse or chorus, you believe every word of it.In short, leave pre-coneptions behind, and you will find a definitive materpiece within the covers of this album.As a side note, Dolly's cover of 'Silver dagger' might just be the greatest recording of her career. I have never heard song which is as compellingly haunting as this is. Dolly's haunting delivery of the lyrics will give you chills, and is easily the most beautifully crafted song on the album. Pure perfection, and worthy of the price of this cd alone!

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: After having filmed two extremely challenging movies as Knife in the water and Repulsion, Rosemary's baby was the right movie for the right director by then.Roman Polanski directed with firm hand, this demanding film about the practice of witchcraft in New York City, where a very young and happily wife, is wishful for the success of his husband as a promising actor.But on the roads, he will not hesitate to emulate the fatidic traces of Faust and will deal his success for a very committing pact with Satan.But the film goes far beyond the horrid anecdote, it explores with sarcastic gaze, the fugacious and trivial atmosphere of the mid-class in those times of febrile agitation. And of course, it was the seminal seed for "The exorcist" years later.A dark, somber and intense film that - despite the elapsed years - still holds its shocking dramatic structure.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: The Mr. Coffee Mug Warmer will only keep your coffee, or whatever, a little warmer than room temperature. Bought three of these pieces of junk for the office. They're going back to the store for a refund. Coffe has to be up to a certain degree of temperature to taste right. This junker does not reach that temperature.

review/helpfulness: 0/9
review/text: &quot;Lola rennt&quot; is the original title. And in Germany the movie was the hit of the year. But the film has some unreal scenes, for example when lola runs around a corner, she returnes in a street which is 7 km from that corner. But I like that movie because of some great scenes and the brilliant soundtrack that makes lola run even faster.

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: Wade Armstrong spends thirteen years proving himself to the small town of Big Falls, Oklahoma. He won't be happy until he's the most successful businessman in town, and owns the biggest house on the highest hill so he can look down on them all. Too bad Wade procrastinated too long before signing the contract for the house of his dreams. When he arranges to meet the real estate again, Edie Brand shows up as well. His efforts to sandbag her purchasing the house backfires, and now she's moving into the house he wanted.Edie left L.A. when her contract as a lingerie model was fulfilled. Speculation abounds, but tabloids failed to trace Edie back to her hometown. She's kept a low profile, but the stalker that drove her out of L.A. finds her, leaving a &quot;gift&quot; of handcuffs in a plain box in her mother's kitchen. She doesn't tell anyone of the numerous &quot;gifts&quot; and letters the stalker sent, or just how threatening they have become. The threats drive her out of her mother's house and into a place of her own so she can protect her family from lurking danger. And now Wade has taken it upon himself to protect her.Book two of The Oklahoma All-Girl Brands miniseries continues the excitement with pizzazz in BRAND-NEW HEARTACHE. Maggie Shayne presents a vividly realized, fast paced novel with extraordinary characterizations and a terrific plot. When opposites clash, Edie and Wade find that have quite a lot in common, beginning with hidden interest stemming all the way back to high school. Secondary characters are likewise believable and enchanting, including a mother who's never wrong and an empathic sister who sense energy flows. A fabulous read, BRAND-NEW HEARTACHE comes very highly recommended.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: I went to Camp Mudjekeewis and when my mother died (she also went to Camp Mudjekeewis) I tried to find the book "The Song of Hiawatha) because I wanted to find out how the camp picked that name.I alway thought it was "Gentle West Wind". After reading the book, I find out the Mudjekeewis was Hiawatha's father. And he was called "West Wind."I thought it was pretty funny as Camp Wedjekeewis was an all girls camp.June McKenna Hevener ( I now live in Hingham, MA at Linden Ponds.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: One warms to this album after hearing it for a few times.In the beginning, it can sound a bit foreign: it is unusual work for any genre of music - but if you can get past your own obstinacy, you begin to hear wonders in the pattern of the music. These songs do not just rise toward their climactic moments; they unfold. One reviewer on this site claims that the music will not hold up to repeat listenings, but I disagree: I took this CD with many others on a week-long vacation, and it never left my discman. And besides, A Love Supreme is cited in hundreds of jazz compendia, and exalted by such well-known critics as Ben Ratliff. It is one thing for a work to be overhyped by the public, but when experienced - and honest - critics hail it as a hallmark of jazz history, you can take that to be the truth. Such is the case with this album. No matter how often you listen, the tracks, given a discerning ear, will constantly reveal new facets of themselves.Does in swing in a way that any lay listener can enjoy? No. Is it slick hard bop, with those all-too-clever chords? No again. But what it is, is a masterpiece in a genre that Coltrane created. Not for nothing is this man listed by Miles Davis's side, even though Coltrane's music wasn't so stylistically facile.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: I have a general rule when it comes to Gerard Depardieu, if he's playing sexy then pass but if he's playing a character then keep.Depardieu is the title character in Jean de Florette. Jean has inherited his mother's family farm. He is bringing his wife and young daughter Magnon. Jean did not grow up in the area so even though it is his family farm, he is an outsider.To further complicate things, he has a slight hunchback, which the villagers take as a curse.Caesar (Yves Montand), the farmer next door and his nephew (Daniel Auteuil) would like to buy the land and expand their holdings.But Jean looks at this as a chance to build a new life and refuses. Therefore Caesar plots to force Jean out, including stopping up his spring.Jean's new life is hard but he makes it work. That is until there is a drought. Jean eventually works himself to death. His widow sales the farm to Caesar. The final scene is Caesar and his nephew unplugging the spring but unknown to them, little Magnon sees this.Claude Beri is on of the great French directors. He has captured the flavor the rural France at the turn of the century. This is Depardieu's finest performance and is the first film that brought future French superstar Daniel Auteuil to the American filmgoer. And it is nice to see Yves Montand again.This is part one of two films call Pagnol's Water Stories. The second is the even better, Magnon of the Springs. But both films stand alone and you do not need to see both - but it is recommended.DVD EXTRAS: NONE

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: This corset makes me Sweat like a hog, I am not I'm a petite woman just looking for structure to maintain a flat stomach. Theres no doubt it gave me a fantastic shape, was flawlessly discreet under my clothes but I was forced to stop wearing it, because by the end of the day it was very uncomfortable, hot and sweaty underneath. This was bad for my skin too, it made it dry and would have gotten red and irritated if I kept wearing it and for longer periods. It got to the point where it was pointless to wear because the was no breathing for my skin underneath it and I'd want to take it off immediately, so I never wore it, and just gave up and returned it. Still looking for a perfect corset, this however is NOT it. Don't waste your time.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: It would be hard to make introducing the characters, plots and themes any easier. This is the best single book I have found in a short, concise and easily readable volume. Fr. Schehr's book could easily be used by any Protestant student just as Catholics often use work of Protestant scholars. This book is appropriate for beginners and long time readers ready to much more seriously explore salvation history. This is another good book for those who believe as does Pope Benedict XVI that there is a knowable truth: Jesus.

review/helpfulness: 7/9
review/text: The Third Secret is one of three books by Steve Berry that I own, but it's the only one I've read ... and could possibly be the last. I tried to get into this book four different times but could never get past the first 75 pages. The best part of reading this book was that it served the same purpose as taking a sleeping pill. Each time I picked up it allowed me to fall asleep within ten minutes. A better name for The Third Secret would have been Ambien ... The Book. Virtually nothing happened in the limited time I read the book,the plot moved at a snail's pace and the characters did not hold my interest. The old saying about books defintely applies as an argument for not reading The Secret Secret, i.e., so many books, so little time. Do yourself a big favor and avoid any temptation you might have to read this book. It ultimately will serve as a waste of your valuable time, not to mention a waste of your money. The only reason stopping me from giving this book a 1-star rating is my guilt in not spending more time to give The Third Secret a chance to improve. However, for me, the secret about this book was already out of the bag, so to speak. That is, that after 75 pages it was no secret that The Third Secret was a real snoozer.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Rosemary's Baby is satanic good fun. This is one of the most impressive horror film's I've ever seen in my life and may be my favorite horror movie of all time. Roman Polanski's Rosemary's Baby is extremely ahead of it's time with the use of strange dream sequences, experimental cinematography and truely disturbing subject matter. Mia Farrow's performance is amazing to say the least and she has cemented her role as one of my favorite actesses of all time. Not much blood or gore in this movie but focuses on it's acting and satanic vibe to scare viewers......and it does! This is an amazing movie I recommend to anyone who has not seen it, GO BUY IT NOW!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I bought this for my 4 year old and she loves it...I even enjoy watching it. The cartoon is cute and the songs really help her learn the material. If your child loves to sing then I highly recommend this video. It teaches the child everything they need to know to start reading music and it is fun! It is worth every penny. The only downside is the video does not teach your child to play any songs but it does teach them the basics of reading music. It would be great if they could throw in a simple song at the end.

review/helpfulness: 14/18
review/text: An excellent reference book for anyone visiting Southern Africa. We only found a few minor errors but the recommendations on where to go and what to see were very useful.We're looking forward to going again and will certainly take this book along. We didn't have enough time to see it all.

review/helpfulness: 14/18
review/text: A message to each and every reviewer who takes time to add thoughts to a any media of memorial of 9/11, World Trade Center Towers tragedy... thank you from my heart.My spouse and I resided on the Lower West Side, Battery Park City, Gateway Plaza, So. End Ave. As survivors of the 9/11 World Trade Center Towers tragedy... From our Gateway Plaza apartment, facing the street and 300 yards from the Towers, we helplessly witnessed all from our apartment windows. The closeness of the Towers viewed from our windows - gave an illusion that one could reach out and touch the Towers; their beauty with night lights reaching toward the sky promoted a contemplative emotion.We viewed the planes entering the Towers, the overwhelming inferno, individuals jumping, the collapse of the Towers, the darkness as debris hit our windows with a fury. What occurred over a period of hours, seemed like a much shorter time span. The darkness was darker than an eclipse, darker than the darkest night; and then a momentary hush after the air cleared. Viewing the roof garden one floor below, with the human reaction of looking out to see if someone might be on that roof garden and in need of help. Debris strewn everywhere, recording tape and paper hung from the trees of the garden and oh, so much ash. The momentary hush, whether real or imagined, then the viewing of debris for a second, fantasized that a parade had just passed by on our short street. I now really understand the expression a &quot;feeling of helplessness&quot;, I couldn't fix what had just happened.We vacated our apartment finally at 5:15 p.m. that day, waiting for someone to knock on our door, with only a battery radio to keep us abreast of happenings. &quot;In a New York minute&quot;, we evacuated via the stairwell touched with ash, the result of a first floor door left open. With a few belongings, gathered with a tad of thought of what was being left behind, we stepped out of the door onto the pavement, seeing and standing in ever so much ash &amp; debris, I wanted to turn around and go back to our home. It was one moment of reality in time, I carry to this day.We planned to walk up the East Side, glimpsed the tired fire, police, volunteers, and med techs in our immediate driveway and street, so instead opted to pass through the building in back of the apartment complex. We gained access to the Esplanade walking the short distance to reach the Hudson River North Cove dock. We were escorted to the New Jersey shore via New York Police boat. From the boat deck, we viewed even more damage to the Manhattan skyline, especially noting the zigzag shape of the side of the American Express building, housed in one of the World Financial Center buildings along with the glorious Winter Garden, as well as the fall of World Trade Center Building 7. We were taken to the Jersey City Hospital, attended to by compassionate staff. Then traveled by National Guard truck to Hoboken, NJ where we were housed by a wonderful family who with great trust welcomed strangers to their home.On Friday 9/14, our eldest son &amp; daughter-in-law drove from New Hampshire via New Jersey routes to Hoboken for transport us to New Hampshire for temporary residence with our daughter, who along with her friend and our youngest son, greeted us with open arms &amp; the overwhelming feeling of not wanting to let go with each hug that followed. Our daughter and son had spent that Friday in New Hampshire collecting items of clothing and necessities which the Concord community generously opened their hearts and donated by churches, stores, individuals, employers, American Red Cross, et al.One of our grandchildren -- he was 8 at that time - arrived home from a few days with his Dad. He hugged us so tight, understanding the depth of 9/11 events for someone so young and yet so wise. He told Grandpa &amp; Babcia that he had something for them... his Mom was not even aware of his gift. He had spoken to his classmates about his grandparents' closeness in location of the World Trade Center Towers. Presented to us was a large envelope full of hand-made cards from each of his classmates. And if that isn't love and caring, I don't know what is - from the hearts and minds of children!Residing now in New Hampshire, not because of 9/11 drove us away, but circumstances just went that way as we continue to put our lives into perspective.We Miss - New York City deeply; events found nowhere else in the USA, the introduction to &amp; interaction with so many wonderful cultures. There isn't a day or night over these years that we do not think of 9/11... the Lady of Liberty &amp; Ellis Island both on the merge of the East and Hudson Rivers. And that Lady of Liberty wept, I just know it, &amp; still stands with pride that the USA is a democracy that will prevail.We Remember - the victims, the survivors, their friends and families, the workers from the public and private sector, the volunteers, our neighbors in Gateway Plaza and staff in the small group of stores on South End Avenue, Battery Park City.We Remember - the places we visited, the book signings attended, the celebrities we met, the concerts and theater plays, the movies, the arts, the parks, the strangers we talked with, on streets, on subway and those while standing in line for an event...We Remember - Always In Our Hearts, Forever In Our Souls, Heroes, Victims, Survivors One and All... We Were There.Painfully, the lump in my throat and the twist in my stomach, the tears in my eyes and the pain in my heart, to the depth of my soul, forever reside.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: This is a grotesque despoliation of a classic film. Essential elements of the background storyline are not properly established. There are scenes whose purpose within the overall structure simply defies understanding. The nighttime 'escape attempt' sequence is shot in a bizarre green blur and was extremely unpleasant to watch. Hideous music plays frequently but the nail in the coffin of this film is the poverty of the in-game action sequences. These are generally nothing more than a confusing melange of images. The transitions from one camera shot to another seem very poorly done and it is really impossible to follow the internal dynamics of each game.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: Okay, I have only printed 10 pages so far, so the stars are based on those great prints, the 5th star taken away because I am a MAC user! Here is my experience and I HOPE it helps all of you other Mac OSX users out there! I spoke with an HP rep for over an hour at a retail store, he sold me on this VERY affordable laser to replace my ink sucker Epson, all was great until he finds out I am a Mac user. As you all know, this is a problem. After some thought and reading the 58 reviews before me and other websites, I decide to take the plunge. I try to install it using the 'cheat' HP 1022 method to absolutely no avail! Now, exteremly frustrated, trying every 'trick' in the book, I google this problem. I stumble into the [...] and there is a review from "fpc". I was a little leary but this is my last hope. It tells me how to do this once and for all. Not thinking it would actually work, I download his provided link (which apparently is the 'original' link before HP pulled it and reloaded a non-working one for Mac). And IT WORKED!!!! I followed his instructions which took 3 minutes and I am printing perfectly... I ALMOST sucked up the 15% store restocking fee, but thanks to "fpc" I can print again!!!! SO for all of you who want this printer and not the headache, visit fpc's review and follow his instructions! GOOD LUCK! And to HP (and that friendly rep, you know who you are).... WHY? Why make us have to do all of this? Seems rediculous doesn't it??????????

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: So which reviews relate to which of the 12 versions Amazon is offering? Based on the utterly lousy picture and sound quality of the version I purchased (2003 DVD by Diamond), I must assume those who rated this mediocre TV movie any higher than a 1 have a different version from the one I bought. Multiple freezes and jumps in the picture (and of course sound) didn't help.Some reviewers who weren't happy with their purchase decided to toss the DVDs or resignedly hold onto them instead of returning them, figuring it wasn't "worth it" to do so. Even if the thing cost only $3.95, Amazon pays the return shipping. Too bad everyone didn't return their crummy copies at Amazon's expense -- maybe Amazon would then get a clue that it isn't nice to offer sub-par DVDs to its consumers AND that maybe they should rewrite their programming so that reviews written PERTAIN TO THAT SPECIFIC VERSION ONLY.Regardless of the release, I don't know why this film was even written and produced. It added nothing to our knowledge of Patton's life except to give him a mistress and show how he died. Too much of the script was a rehash of some of Patton's more pithy dialogue from the original film (but delivered with less panache and conviction), and the rest was embarrassingly cliched. The cast's stilted acting seem to indicate they knew they were conscious of the poor writing. Richard Dysart's Eisenhower was unintentionally funny in his forced delivery, like a banty rooster trying to discipline and humiliate a much larger, smarter, wiser fox.Bottom line: Total waste of time. Makes me want to go watch the original again just to get this travesty out of my head.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This is a very good and moving film and, with it's sequel &quot;Manon des Sources&quot; is truely excellent. It is not necessary to watch the sequel to appreciate Jean de Florette, but you will have to watch this first to make any sense of the the characters' motivations in Manon.I just wanted to comment on the review that suggested that the film-maker's motivation in splitting the two parts was financial. Look closely - the sequel takes place some 10 years later and uses the same cast. The story had to be broken up to allow everyone - especially the child Manon - to age sufficiently to continue.These are a couple of amazing films.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: From Potters Field is one Patricia Cornwell's worst book she has written. It's not the characters, nope. It's not the writing that is wrong. It's the story that makes the book disappointing.Temple Gault has struck again. This time we know this for sure. Both the readers and Kay Scarpetta do. Someone from Lucy's past is also back. The problem with this book is that Gault is not a strong enough villain to carry this book. He is not scary or very threatening. It's not exiting. Partly because we never get into his head we are always inside Scarpetta's. Even if Cornwell did venture inside his head I'm not sure if it would be that exiting. For a killer on the loose plot its very weak, of coarse the forensics are very good and original. But for the most part a very disappointing Scarpetta novel.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Very interesting to see that the most ratings for the Jorion book are either 5 stars or 1 star. I have no idea why one should rate this book with 5 stars - but so many reasons why to rate it with one star:- it is full of errors- it is written in a very strange and unstructured fashion- it is difficult to read- Explanations are poor- the layout is horrible (the 80ies do-it-yourself desktop publishing style)Unfortunately, this is the major book for the FRM exam - some questions will relate to some irrelevant footnotes from the Jorion book for sure.... So a lot of people studying for the exam will continue to waste a lot of time with this book....Once upon a time, a guy called Phillipe J. wrote a book about Value at Risk at exactly the right moment and became famous. Since then, people like to ask him to hold presentations at conferences (his charts there have the same quality as the charts in the book, his presentation techniques are extremely disappointing), they like to publish his papers (well, probably comparable to the quality of the book), they like to ask him to be on the board for important exams like the FRM exam. Probably this was all too much...

review/helpfulness: 15/19
review/text: This remains the definitive biography of Columbus. Morison was one of the greatest historians ever to practice the craft--his scholarship still holds up today. He was also a master of the written word, unlike most professional historians today.Morison enumerates the reasons why he admires Columbus, but he also catalogs the man's misdeeds--for example, Morison uses the word &quot;genocide&quot; to describe Columbus's treatment of the Indians as governor of Hispaniola. Morison gives his readers the facts they need to form their own opinion of Columbus. (I do not share Morison's admiration for the man.)I must correct the astonishingly ignorant remarks of the reviewer who identified himself as &quot;A reader from New York City&quot; and entitled his review &quot;So much ignorance my God...&quot;Here goes:1) The reviewer asserted that Morison was not, in fact, an admiral. Actually, Morison did receive the title. FDR made Morison an honorary admiral when he commissioned the scholar to write the naval history of the US role in WWII. (Morison produced a 12-volume epic. It's still in print.)2) The reviewer regurgitates a number of questions about Columbus's origins that he apparently drew from another book by a revisionist historian (Kirkpatrick Sale?). The questions the reviewer repeats are good ones, but they are questions that remain open because the evidence to answer them conclusively probably does not exist. If the reviewer were a trained historian, he might understand that.

review/helpfulness: 16/18
review/text: I never really write reviews, but after using this product I felt a strong need to do so. I had been researching hoodia for a little while, and decided that I would try this product since it was inexpensive and had free shipping. I have lost weight using this, combined with exercise and a large cutback in caloric intake, but have some issues with this product. Since I have researched more, I have found that hoodia is very expensive, so it seems unlikely that this company would strengthen the concentration of hoodia 20:1 and sell it for ten dollars a box. Most other reputable hoodia brands cost around $50 for a nondiluted 100% hoodia stock, so I have doubts about whether this product contains any hoodia at all. However, this does contain A LOT of caffeine. I typically only drink 1 cup of tea during the day, and found that taking these pills do make me jittery and keep me up at night. Even sleeping pills have not helped me to fall asleep. The box also suggests that if you would like to increase the amount of weight lost, you can take double the amount instructed. I have also tried this, and found that I act as though I am totally high. I am off the wall, feel disconnected, and cannot come down for many hours. This combination of single and double doses (I have stopped taking the double) have caused me to lose sleep almost the entire time that I have been taking it. The box instructs you not to take these pills in the evening if you cannot sleep after taking caffeine, but I can drink coffee right before bed and not have an issue. These pills are a different story. The lastest that I have been taking these pills is 1pm and still not been able to sleep at 10. I know that this is long, but I wanted other people who may be interested in trying this, to know about my experiences before they spend their money. Since ordering this pack of three, I have done a lot more investigating and have actually purchased a different brand of 100% south african hoodia that comes with all of the required paperwork for the legit pills. By the way, this product does not include the required c.i.t.e.s. and other documentation stating that it actually comes from south africa, or that it has been tested by an independent lab confirming its contents.In conclusion, I have lost weight with this product, but I think that it may be due to the amount of stimulants, and not the hoodia that I don't believe is included.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This is a small bodied laser printer which "flies" and is a cost saver for the everyday text printing that needs no fancy color etc. Very happy, easy to use, easy to install, cartridges life makes for inexpensive running. Perfect for the student, home office and personal use. A good looking unit.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: Worked the moment I plugged it in. Overnight, though, it lost the connection to the network (probably the router's fault). Just unplugged the adapter, waited 10 seconds, plugged it back in and -- voila -- it recommenced downloading the programs that I had asked it to stream from my other Tivo. Haven't had to think about it since.This is the kind of experience that you'd expect from Tivo (or Apple for that matter). It just works.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: I've owned this CD for several years. It has to be heard to be believed. Where else do you hear solos by Edmond Hall, Ruby Braff, and Vic Dickenson with a great rhythm section led by 'Sir' Charles Thompson on piano? The trak &quot;Jeepers Creepers&quot; is a work of beauty, stretching out to 11 minutes (which just flies by) -- it used to get a lot of play on the Toronto jazz station CJRT up here in Canada (now www.jazz.fm), and that's how I got turned on to the album.'Suspension Blues' is dazzling, and I guarantee you've never heard the chart for 'Everybody Loves my Baby' played like this anywhere else. This CD is in my top-10-must-have. Enjoy.

review/helpfulness: 3/10
review/text: Pls let m e know when this CD will be available Also I want to be explain why if this CD and the other with same name but import, have the same songs...why so different prices?I want ot know when the CD DESCARTES from the same author will be available. Price and in how many days I will received my cdThanks

review/helpfulness: 9/13
review/text: John Douglas gives us a fascinating new glimpse into some old, and not-so-old crimes. He explores the legendary Jack the Ripper, Lizzie Borden, the Lindberg kidnapping, and the recent murder of JonBenet Ramsey. At first I wondered why he was rehashing ground that has been covered so many times, but after reading just a few pages, I realized how much I didn't know about these crimes. Douglas isn't afraid to give his opinion about these murders, even if it conflicts with conventional wisdom. A must have for true crime readers!

review/helpfulness: 3/12
review/text: Simply the only printed information available about the Rockaways of yesterday. It seems that everyone has roots in this once grand seaside community and this book gives you hundred of old postcard views of the towns along the beach. There's not much left there from the old days and even fewer people left in the NYC slum who know how to read or right. So we'll bet that most of the sales of this book will be outside of Rockaway. But if you're heart's at the seashore, then Vincent and William's book should be in your library...EKG, (escaped to Long Beach, NY)

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: One of the biggest disappointments I have seen in some time. My main complaint is when I see a theatrical trailer for a movie, and that rrailer implies the movie is a comedy, and then the movie does not deliver what the trailer seems to have promised, I hit the ceiling.There are characters in this movie who's inclusion makes no sense since they don't advance the plot and don't really come off as amusing either.The whole premise of buying a house in a foreign country in which you barely speak the language makes no sense either.I don't know -- maybe it's me -- it seems like the time would have been better spent watching a travel film on Tuscany.Ho-HUM!!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This book is a magical account of meetings with a Christian Pastor and the son of the Founder of the Baha'i Faith, Abdu'l-Baha. Set back in 1912, you will feel as if you were there for these intimate talks with two very enlightened men. My heart was filled with joy and my eyes with tears in reading and experiencing a trip back in time to a spiritual world full of mysteries This book will leave you with a sense of joy, peace and awe at the Glory of God and our purpose in this life. This very personal book will pierce your soul.

review/helpfulness: 16/17
review/text: I was given this book the spring I turned thirteen by my favorite aunt, who had read it when she was about thirteen. It has become as beloved to me as it was to her. It is a beautifully written story about the pain and excitement that accompany the time in one's life when the things of childhood get left behind for the lures of adulthood. Sensitive, it glorifies neither state, but shows the pains and pleasures of each. I wanted to buy if for my younger sister, and am devastated that it is out of print. If you can find a copy, do. It is infinitely worth the time. But be warned, you too will want to pass this treasure on.

review/helpfulness: 8/12
review/text: Written by the father of a severely autistic boy, this book attempts to take the reader through the experiences of a young family stricken with the diagnosis of autism, and their attempts to look at the glass "half-full instead of half-empty." The birth of Stephen takes the McAndrew family on a journey of learning, pain and revelation as they struggle to understand the meaning of this jolt to their family constellation. Jeff and Debbie realize that each of Stephen's steps in life(e.g. learning to walk to wave) is a huge accomplishment. Stephen's father Jeff quotes a friend of his who was paralyzed from the neck down.."It's not about the 900 things Stephen cannot do, but rather, it is the 9000 things he can do."This is the attitude the McAndrew family lives each day with. Jeff also reflects on friends of his who have medically fragile children and how lucky Stephen is to be able to walk and to eat on his own...some of the basics we all take for granted. The theme of the book also carries a deeper tone. That is, never take a moment with your children for granted, and accept your child for what he or she is. The author spends time with the reader emphasizing the term of one of his favorite role models, the late psychologist, Dr. Carl Rogers. That term is "unconditional positive regard." So many parents spend hundreds of hours and perhaps thousands of dollars on blood tests, urine tests, dietary methods or other experimental trial with their kids. The irony is that some parents want to change their children, but fail to love them for what they are..."right here, right now." The key concept here is balance. It is important, the author says, to balance what your child is(the child's soul if you will) with what they can perform....and to learn to appreciate both. McAndrew also interviews a pediatrician and childhood friend from Sheboygan, Dr. Steven Pizer, whose comprehensive and logical answers also are filled with compassion for children and parents. Dr. Darold Treffert, who did the forward to the book, was a consultant to the movie "Rainman" with Dustin Hoffman. He has dedicated his life to the study of autism and autistic savants and his book "Extraordinary People" has been widely read. Treffert very eloquently describes the challenges that autism theorists face and postulates that "until we call things by their right names," we remain in somewhat of a classification quandary in the field of autism. In the conclusion of the book, the author tells us about the hope that is always possible and is hopeful that more genetic answers can be found in his and his son's lifetime. McAndrew adds his own poetry about his son at the end of the book along with pictures of his handsome son. He also talks about his typical son Ryan and what struggle a seven year-old sibling has in trying to understand his special brother. McAndrew dedicates the book to his wife, who bears the brunt of therapy schedules, school meetings, insurance calls, etc. while Jeff is at work. A chapter called "A Mother's Voice" is dedicated to all mothers of autistic children and their profound challenges. The book is highly applauded by local community leaders who Jeff let read his rough drafts. School board, city officials and county officials all have high praise for this original and heartfelt work. This book is a great read for all parents of special children and well as all parents. Jeff also writes and speaks for a living. He presently works as a news reporter and talk show host at WHBL Radio in Sheboygan.A little more from Jeff's bio page....he has won 16 broadcasting awards during his 16 years in journalism including two statewide awards for a documentary on the "First Step Autism Program," the first early intervention public school autism program in the state of Wisconsin.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Having suffered the derision of fellow sci-fi fans for many years, I recently picked up the Foundation Trilogy for the first time; I was actually pretty disappointed by my first exposure to Asimov's longer works. Obviously the man is one of the renowned masters of science fiction because he got there first: he wrote about a Galactic Empire long before it became cliche, speculated about the limits and triumphs of science, etc. That said, what struck me most about this beginning to the Foundation series was that Asimov's story exactly parallels Hari Seldon's theory of psychohistory: only movements, not individuals, are significant in shaping history, and even the main characters in the book are accordingly underdeveloped to the point of being forgettable. I enjoy world-building as much as the next sci-fi/fantasy buff, but I also appreciate well-constructed sentences and good characterization, both of which I found sorely lacking here. Also, &quot;Foundation&quot; is clearly a man's world, setting a tradition of male adolescent sci-fi in which strong and/or interesting female characters have no place.I give the novel three stars only because it sets up the background for the next two in the series, which overcome some (but not all) of the faults in this first effort. But I think that I will return to my personal favorites among the old masters, including Robert Heinlein and Theodore Sturgeon, who have always delivered philosophy, wit, and imagination along with excellent storytelling.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: FLAHOOLEY has had a checkered career in record company catalgues. The musical was a flop that folded after 5 weeks (40 performances) in the spring of 1951. Capitol records issued the cast album on June 18th ..2 days after the show had played its final performance. With the show no longer playing, interest was minimal and the Lp was deleted in 1955. Since very few copies had been sold, collectors who wanted the score had a difficult time tracking down the album. By the early 1970s its estimated value in collectors circles was $300. Finally in 1977...22 years after the album had left the catalogues, Capitol brought it back. A mid-priced ($6.98) reissue that duplicated the original album cover. The reissue was short-lived, for beyond harcore show music collectors there was no mass market for FLAHOOLEY and the Lp was deleted again.In 1993 EMI launched a major Cd reissue campaign called Broadway Angel transferring 40 of the Capitol cast albums to CD, including FLAHOOLEY. This time the liner notes were expanded to include a history of the show, a detailed synopsis and an interview with Barbara Cook.The CD again was bought mainly by collectors and was deleted in 1996. You would think that after 3 go-rounds, this would have been the end of FLAHOOLEY. But Noooooooooo... now DRG has brought it back.The score by Sammy Fain and Ey.Y Harburg has several charming numbers: &quot;Here's to your Illusions&quot;, &quot;The World is Your Balloon&quot;and &quot;The Springtime Cometh.&quot; None of the songs became hits, and FLAHOOLEY is never revived... not even in concert format.Don't miss out on a chance to own a copy of FLAHOOLEY before it gets deleted for the 4th and final (?) time.

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: The audio quality on my dvd is awful. The music blats away and you can't hear the people interviewed. Anyone alse have this problem?

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Gene O'Quin was born in Texas, came to fame in California and died before he could gain much acclaim. Nevertheless he has become an underground favorite of fans of West Coast country, rockabily, and Texas honky tonk. This collection contains thirty songs from 1950-55 which originally appeared on the Capitol and Intro labels. This little known Texas artist deserves much more attention and a wider audience. You'll thank me for buying it.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: This is a great sequel to Into The Wilderness. Completely lives up to expectations. If you liked the first one, you'll love this one too! I couldn't put it down and finished in two days - perfectly set up for a third one - can't wait!

review/helpfulness: 2/13
review/text: I think the point of this film is about faith. Everyone likes a good miracle movie. Right? Well, not quite. There was plenty of cringe worthy moments regarding race. Mr. Ashton calling Homer 'boy' and then telling the nuns that Smith was lazy and shiftless-but still wanted him to work for him. (Weird.) I hated the scenes where he was just shuffling to please them. And I didn't understand why Mother Maria simply couldn't say 'Thank You' especially when she was begging for everything. Out of all the good roles Poitier has played, they give him the Oscar for when he played a good field slave doing what he was told. Whatever.

review/helpfulness: 3/13
review/text: cash money records is going to have to up with something a lil better than this if they plan on making it in this game.the beats where alright but the rappers a terrible.none of the have a goog flow to accomidate the beats.try again cmr.maybe next time.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: There are money-making opportunities in the financial markets, but the first thing an investor should do is ignore much of what comes out of "Wall Street." The investor should especially ignore the phone call from the new MBA at a brokerage firm pushing some hot new stock that is supposedly "about to take off." The stock is being pushed because of the size of the commission on any purchases. If the stock is so wonderful, does the broker have it in his or her own portfolio? Next week, some other stock will be "about to take off." The investor can also expect a call from a broker saying that their mutual funds or municipal bonds perform much better than what the investor is in now. How about a switch? More transactions equals more commissions. Wall Street does not do anything for free. Even if something sounds "no fee" or "no-load," the brokerage will get its fee somewhere.The investor should certainly keep up with the business news, but do not spend hours and hours every day at it; that will not leave any time for actual trading. Go through the Sunday paper and come up with a list of buying possibilities. These are May Buy stocks, as opposed to Will Buy. Just some basic information is needed about each stock, like its 52-week high/low and yesterday's close. If a stock is down at least 20% from its 52-week high (not 19.5%), move it onto your Will Buy list. When choosing a broker, is it really worth going through several minutes of Press 1 and Press 2, before you reach a human, while the price of your stock goes in the wrong direction, all to save a few dollars on the commission? Pay the extra commission, and choose a broker where a human really is just a phone call away.It is easy to buy a stock, but much harder to know when to sell it. If your stock rises from 20% to 10% below its 52-week high, sell it. Do not get greedy, and wait for it to rise just one more point; it may never come. There will be other opportunities. Besides, a double digit profit in the stock market is nothing to scoff at. On the other hand, if your stock continues to slide into oblivion, know when to cut your losses. There will be other stocks.This book seems to be much easier to understand than the stock trading "systems" advertised on TV and in the Business section of the local book store. The experienced investor may kick themselves, realizing the money they have given to Wall Street, for little or no reason. It is also recommended for novice investors, and even non-investors (like yours truly).

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: The Great God Om wakes up in tortoise-form just as an eagle hurls him into a compost pile. If you're the type of person who worries about being struck by lightning while reading the wrong kind of book, stay away from &quot;Small Gods.&quot; Terry Pratchett blasphemes against (or maybe I should say 'explains') religion in this book, and most philosophies too. This is one of his more seriously comic Discworld books, although only Pratchett (and Monty Python) would even consider an attempt at a comedy about the Grand InquisitionIf Galileo had muttered, &quot;Eppur si muove!&quot; to the Inquisition on Discworld, he no doubt would have been referring to the gigantic turtle that carries the world on its back. He would have burned too, old as he was, if Vorbis the exquisitor had overheard him blaspheming against the perfect sphere of Discworld, which orbits around the Sun &quot;as Man orbits the central truth of Om.&quot;Meanwhile Om scrabbles out of the compost heap and discovers Brutha, a young novice who is hoeing melons in the temple garden. Brutha is the only person left on Discworld who truly believes in Om, and really bad things happen to gods who lose all of their believers.However, Brutha almost loses his god. Vorbis the exquisitor discovers the small tortoise hissing at him and doesn't recognize it as his God, Om. He flips it over, inserts a couple of pebbles into its shell so it can't right itself, then sticks Om on the garden wall to broil in the sun.Vorbis is a bad 'un.After this temporary setback (setback, get it?), &quot;Small Gods&quot; carries on with the tale of Om and Brutha and their adventures as Om tries to figure out why he ended up as a tortoise, and Brutha attempts to discover truth in religion. This book is a work of fiction. All the characters and events portrayed in this book are fictional, and any resemblance to real people or incidents is purely coincidental. However if you read very carefully, you may spot coincidental resemblances to Tom&aacute;s de Torquemada, Jesus, any number of classical Greek philosophers, early Christian saints, Old Testament prophets, and Galileo Galilei.

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: I was very dissatisfied that the HP LaserJet 1020 installation software did not provide acceptable printer drivers for Windows XP or Vista.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I am so glad I waited to see this movie on cable. 30 minutes into it, I almost changed the channels. But, just like an accident or police car chase, you have to watch. Overall, the movie was just too sappy. And every &quot;twist&quot; is not surprising. Also, I don't understand why the movie switched between color and black-and-white -- I'm guessing the decision was made in a very late editing session because it didn't seem to have any context. In conclusion, I thought the bar scenes were the best...I can't believe I'm agreeing with the guys. I encourage you to check your cable listings if you're curious about this movie and spend your money on something better.

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: When I read a Mercedes Lackey book I expect to care about what happens to *someone* in the book. There was no one here who was 'real' enough to care about. The people all felt like shadows, without true substance (or reasons) to their actions. I couldn't find reasons to cheer for anyone. One problem is there were too many people to follow easily. Since there were so many none of them were drawn richly enough to draw me into their world.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: THe young man I bought this for as a Christmas gift has watched this twice already since receiving it. Thank you Amazon

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: The popularity of Hardy's Tess makes me wonder why the apparent context in which the book was written seems to have been lost. Twelve years before Hardy's Tess hit the shelf George MacDonald's Paul Faber: Surgeon received a less controversial if almost equally popular release. While the two books could hardly be more different it is interesting that the fundamental plot elements are identical. A careful comparison of the scene in both books immediately following the confession of the recently-married protagonist of her youthful indiscretion to her unforgiving husband will reveal a passage where Hardy essentially quotes from MacDonald--and then flatly contradicts him. MacDonald's Faber is a longer, more complex story--perhaps less accessible than Hardy's. Where Hardy finds despair, cynicism, and ultimately destruction, MacDonald mercifully provides forgiveness, hope, and evidence of the divine in humanity.Other reviewers have heartily recommended that you read Tess to discover how accurately great literature can portray life's struggles. If you liked the authenticity and poignancy of Tess but felt there must be another side of the story, please read Paul Faber.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Sea Runners will etch the coastline of British Columbia in your mind. An awesome tale.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: I think this is an excellent book on self defense where you'll really need it...close up. I've been studying martial arts for almost 3 years and I don't believe that you need physical self defense when the other person is more than an leg's length away (unless they have a gun, but that's a different concept). When a cousin gave me an Amazon gift certificate, I decided to buy a book on the martial arts. I ended up buying two books (The other book is a different approach to this topic and is the best of it's kind that I've ever seen, but it's not available at Amazon... . Wally Jay's book, &quot;Small-Circle JuJitsu&quot;, is filled with excellent, stop-action photos which help you learn the moves needed to do what's being taught. There aren't many words in this book but the ones that are there are well choosen! It's a very effective style, both the teaching and the martial art. This is one of the few(!) books (along with &quot;Uechi-Ryu 2000&quot;) I can reccomend with a clear conscience.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I beg to differ with some of the other reviews. I started off pretty much from scratch when I came across this book. Some of my first pages were made with Microsoft FrontPage, but when things didn't work (because of sloppy code, etc) I turned to The Complete Reference. I still use editors as a crutch, but this book is steering me towards understanding bugs and giving me the knowledge to write my own code if I should ever be so inclined/crazy!

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: Do not bother reading &quot;Island&quot; unless you are going to take a serious look at yourself and your society. You may not feel the connection between yourself and Mr. Farnaby, but if you live in the western world it's there. Directly or indirectly we have all commited his crimes.Readers would do well to constantly question fictional truth versus literary metaphor. People on the Island bluntly explain so many concepts to Farnaby that many readers and reveiwers seem to miss key themes. I mean come on, Huxley couldn't just give you everything straight, he had to leave somthing for your post reading reflection.To all the haters, I say open you mind. Is taking a real look at your self really that offensive?If so, you just proved one of Huxley's points about ignorance.

review/helpfulness: 8/11
review/text: This book cost me the FRM last year. I made it the center of my study program. The book's writing is atrocious; there are gaps in what is covered; and there are many errors and misstatements. I wasted six weeks struggling with this book. When I finally realized my mistake, it was too late to rescue my study program, and I failed the exam. I am very disillusioned with Jorion and GARP. This shoddy, overpriced paperback makes me think they are in it just for the money. This year, I have signed up for the CFA exam instead. So far, I have been very impressed with their study materials.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: American photographer Lauren Greenfield's recent exhibition is entitled "Girl Culture". The artist's stunning documentary photographs are prompting comparisons to other female photographers such as Tina Barney and Nan Goldin.Like Barney, also a documentarist of the social realms of contemporary America, Greenfield painstakingly monitors subtle variations of self-representation, made congruent with commonly accepted ideals at the earliest possible stage in a person's development. The rites Greenfield are watching are those of the common girl. In this way, "Girl Culture" presents the opposite of the body-hiding conventions of Barney's East Coast WASPs. Greenfield focuses on the procedures of preparing and presenting the body in a body-fixated mass culture."Girl Just Want to Have Fun" springs to mind as a disturbing euphemism for living the life of a little girl, an adolescent, or a grown woman in the United States today. Oscillating between overeating, starving, and self-mutilation, these girls become conditioned at an early age (even as young as four) by dressing up (and looking frighteningly grown-up) in a brutally competitive environment filled with drastic misconceptions of beauty.The radical affirmation of the standardized ideal sometimes results in travesty, such as when we look through the photographer's eyes at both Las Vegas showgirls and minors wearing too much makeup. Greenfield knows her craft. Her eye is never hurtful or brutally revealing, but instead allows her subjects to present themselves the way they like, the way they live - knowing that the production of the self in front of the camera can be more revealing than any pose the photographer suggests.Beauty, for most of these girls and women, is used as a weapon. It seems to grant self-esteem and acceptance. The outer appearance supports and covers the self simultaneously until the individual is no longer indistinguishable from the masses, until it seems to blend in smoothly. The American body is a body for the masses that results in mass display of the manipulated, operated, augmented body on such ritual occasions as pageants and spring breaks. Greenfield shows the way that these rituals conceal a rigid subtext of pain, suppression, and denial.Remarkable is the sheer absence of men in all of these scenes. With the exception of a spring ritual, in which a group of men hold up a woman like a broken Barbie doll, they are almost invisible. They occupy the women's fantasies, their longings, their projections. Thus, they are included in every picture that Greenfield takes, with a girl culture unfolding in front of the backdrop of dominant male culture. In this respect, Greenfield's seemingly objective photography contains a tangiable, important critique. (Written by Magdalena Kroner)

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: Great tripod from Sony. Remote control in handle works great, very sophisticated yet simple. I had a Vivitar tripod but it is not worthy and decided to stick to Sony (I own a TRV-70 Sony camcorder and I am buying a Sony digital camera Cybershot DSCH1 also from Amazon). When I received the box, it had an oppening, you could stick your hand inside! But I was glad that Amazon warns you in respect: "This item may be delivered in the manufacturer's original packaging, which could reveal the contents of the box". Everything in place. I want to give another star to Amazon for the speedy delivery although I ordered under Free Super Saver Shipping on the night of July 17th. Thought it would take forever but was surprised on the morning 22nd. In 5 days (with free shipping) I had it on my hands! Go Amazon

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: I bought this adapter and it is going right back to Amazon. I installed it and the software would not load properly. I have a 6 month old HP machine running Vista. After searching the net, I found Vista drives, but they didn't work, either.What a piece of junk.I bet the hardware is fine, but without good software, forget it.I bought a Linksys WMP54G.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: If I was stranded on a desert island with one album it would be this one. One deep complex song after another. Put on the headphones, close your eyes and take a trip into a world where the beat never ends and melodies play with your emotions.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: One of the first albums I ever bought was Abraxas, way back around '71. I loved Carlos's fiery guitar playing and aggressive, percussive rythms, and bought all subsequent Santana releases until the early 80s. At that point I felt Santana became too "pop" oriented and I lost interest. I guess I can't blame Carlos for his more recent incorporation of world and hip hop in his music, if you want to sell records and survive as a musician, you have to give the people what they want, and virtuoso lead guitar doesn't sell like it did 30 plus years ago.When I saw that the new "Live by Request" DVD included older songs like Soul Sacrifice and Evil Ways and my all time Santana favorite "Europa" I decided I had to check it out.To my surprise Carlos plays extremely well, and the old songs have lost very little over the years. One of the newer pieces (DA LE) Yaleo includes some nice jazz/rock fusion, sounding a little bit like music from the Lotus release way back when. Carlos is wearing a John Coltrane "Love Supreme" T shirt, which seems to set the tone for some fine playing and indicates that, despite surrounding himself with a lot of new "pop" stars, he hasn't forgotten his roots and inspiration. When the hip hoppers jump on stage, I simply jump to the next track. All in all, a very enjoyable DVD for an old Santana fan like me. The camera work and sound are very good, but I rate the DVD 4 stars because the set is only about an hour long.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Wonderful, thoughtfully written explanation of the Holy Spirit and how He can be, wants to be a part of our lives. Just what you would expect from Dr. Graham. I sent one to my Baptist deacon father and he asked for 3 more copies for friends.

review/helpfulness: 5/10
review/text: What's the problem with you people? I think this is the best romantic film made in the last 5 years.The storyline is splendid(at least this one has a story, not like any other film) and also veryyyy beautiful scenery: the flowers,the field ,the cottage.At first I thought this was just simply a stupid chick flick but the more I saw the more I got swept away with it.Once you see it,you can't stop seeing.Ms Diane Lane gives awonderful performance, she really knows how to express the character's feeling:sad ,joy,disapointed...It also has a nice ending though(although i don't really like the guy Ed, I prefer Marcello)I think this is a movie to watch and enjoy!

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: Walker wrote this biography of an ancestor who is a remarkable figure in American history. Born a slave, Free Frank used his free time on evenings and Sundays to extract saltpeter from guano in Kentucky, as well as surveying land, and made enough money to first buy his wife out of slavery, then, with her income as a freewoman, to buy himself out of slavery. His industry, sterling character, and persistence eventually allowed him to become wealthy as a real estate developer on the Illinois frontier. He bought all of his children out of slavery, and upon his death, all of his grandchildren as well. And he did it all without ever learning to write.While certainly atypical, he is a reminder that even though the legal system was set up to the detriment of blacks throughout the slave states, it was possible for a slave with a careless or sympathetic master to become free -- and once free, to become wealthy. This is an inspiring story. Just don't read this one book and assume that you know everything you need to know about American slavery. This is the encouraging reminder that even a bigoted legal system wasn't enough to keep a hard worker from moving ahead in the relatively free market of the American frontier.

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: We got this toy but in the big bang glow in the dark version and the kids love it. It is really durable we took it ice fishing with us I figured it would crack in the freezing cold but it was as good as new. It was really windy and it rolled by itself across the lake. It is well worth the price I have paid more $ for alot of junk toys that are in the trash now. It is like a great big katamari ball. It is fun for everyone . I

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: one of the best seasons of smallvile yet and thats saying alot after 9 years :)

review/helpfulness: 2/14
review/text: If you wish to hear the best audiophile version of Piazzolla's Four Seasons, now you have the chance to do it with the new work of Ara Malikian int the album "No Seasons" with the Non Profit Music Chamber Orchestra. Search for it in Amazon.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: Loved the first two films & was very happy with the 2-disc DVDs. This film however in my opinion & I'm sure there will be a lot of dissension was over done, over long & under featured on the blu-ray/dvd combo pack. I am seriously glad I did not see this in the theater in 3d because it must have been totally overwhelming. I could not wait for it to end. Sorry but sometimes less is a lot more. Except where features are concerned. Total lack is very disappointing but I won't be repurchasing another copy.

review/helpfulness: 14/15
review/text: Of all Pratchett's brilliantly drawn characters, Samuel Vimes stands unique in providing a realistic role model for the rest of us. He's honest, forthright, deeply suspicious of aristocracy, and best of all, despises the idea of kings. The last is important here, for someone wishes the return of the Ankh-Morpork monarchy. And Sam Vimes' remote ancestor, Old Stoneface, executed the last one.Edward d'Eath [how does PTerry come up with these names?!], an impoverished aristocrat, seeks fulfillment of his destiny by restoring the monarchy. Recruiting fellow lords to his cause proves difficult. It's been a long time since the last king, and the Patrician runs the city with commendable, if frightening, efficiency. So Edward embarks on a solitary campaign.Pratchett's inventive mind takes us from the &quot;fantasy&quot; genre into the murder mystery domain. Murder isn't a common event on the Discworld, and its occurrence here creates an intensity of feeling rarely evoked by Pratchett's works. Vimes is particularly irritated by such abhorrent events as murder. Assassination is bad enough, although carefully regulated by its Guild. For Vimes, murder is too arbitrary. It reflects the one aspect of society he resents the most, the exercise of absolute power. He's affronted both as a copper and a man.Partly inspired by Corporal Carrot, Vimes is no longer content having the Watch &quot;let things lie anymore&quot;. Forces that used to push a drunken Vimes into the gutter are forces he now resists, even struggles to overcome. It's an inspiring read watching Pratchett give Vimes a new sense of dedication. Vimes has always sought justice, and his recent rise in society and the Watch has given him fresh impetus, and clout, to gain it. However, first he must survive. He's up against a new force. A force of absolute power, without soul or pity - the Gonne.There are other aspects in this book beyond the new Old Stoneface trying to catch a murderer. Pratchett pays homage to the struggle for women's and immigrants' rights in Britain [and elsewhere]. The Watch has been compelled to recruit dwarves, trolls and, um, a woman. Sergeant Colon's attempts to reconcile size, attitudes and anatomy with a traditional human, male, role must bring tears to the eyes of all recruiting sergeants reading it. Pratchett's sympathetic view of Angua pays homage to the efforts of women striving to enter men's realms. But for a novel view of the world we all inhabit, there's few that can out-express Gaspode, one of Pratchett's finest creations.Pratchett possesses a superior ability to create timeless works. Nestled in this library since its publication, this book is taken up as an old friend for repeated enjoyment. There's nothing lost in re-reading Men At Arms - the issues remain timely, the characters worth noting - sometimes emulating, and the wit undiminished. If you're new to Pratchett, this is a fine place to start. If you're coming along in the Discworld sequence, be prepared for an item of exceptional value, something beyond the humorous fantasy of wizards, witches and Mort's employer.

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: It had to be New Orleans because the plot meandered around the city like the chronicles of a certain vampire-loving raconteur from the Big Easy. Don't misunderstand me, I admire the detail, but get on with the story. If I wanted excessive minutia, I'd read Crichton. Too many details derail the rising action and sidetrack the attention span. These characters burn tissue thin except for the side show freaks including Deucalion. He deserved the story and not the two dimensional, reiterated clones that became as souless as their flat egotistical creator (I guess Helios meant that he is the center of the solar system and not just this world). I hope if I live 200 years I will not become as concerned with humanity that I find the need to control it through a B-movie motivation. Helios deserved more. Mr. Sinister in Marvel Comics played more convincing than Helios. I wanted to like this novel since I adored the Modern Prometheus and the Dune prequels, but where was the story? More matter and less art next time! I won't be tagging along for the extended tour of New Orleans for the next book. Sorry.

review/helpfulness: 8/14
review/text: Steve Berry is one of those writers you love to read - from the get-go you are part of the ride. Each one of his works is a given that it will entertain, and get you thinking.Secret deals with the message the Holy Virgin gave to the children at Fatima -Has some of the grace of Angels and Demons, but not the wild ride of an ending, although a satisfactory one.Definitely worth reading.

review/helpfulness: 4/17
review/text: This was the biggest waste of money ever created. If you want to know the song that much, call the station and ask them, they don't mind, really.

review/helpfulness: 11/12
review/text: In this era of triumphant religious fundamentalism, Small Gods is a pretty dangerous item to be seen carrying. Terry Pratchett, carrying a reputation of being a major force in writing fantasy and humour has shed both in this penetrating book. It's an incisive satire of the mores and methods of the three major religions of Western Civilization. Pratchett's astute axiom that the Discworld is a &quot;mirror of worlds&quot; applies with more force here than any other Discworld book. Pratchett casts away whatever subtle restraint he's given other philosophical issues to directly confront us with a harsh truth about faiths.The basic theme is a simple, but rarely recognized, truth. Gods are created by people. The fewer the believers, the smaller and weaker the god. When belief fades or believers eliminated, the gods cease to exist. Once mighty, the god Om has been relegated to the body of a tortoise. He retains but one true believer: Brutha, a novice in the Citadel of Om. Brutha makes frequent reference to segments of the &quot;holy book&quot; Om supposedly authored. Mystified by attribution to himself of these writings, Om wonders who really wrote them. And why they were written. What has been perpetrated in His Name?Brutha, who has a photographic memory, is conscripted into a religious crusade against neighbouring Ephebe. The Omnian Church wants to erase Ephebe's false belief that the world is a disc riding on the backs of four elephants standing on a turtle swimming through space. According to Vorbis, head of the Quisition, such false doctrine must be erased, erasing the Ephebians in the process, if necessary. Besides, Ephebe's on the best trade route to the Turnwise coast. Tucked away in Brutha's pocket, Om is taken along. But how does Vorbis expect to conquer mighty Ephebe, home of philosopher kings, with a token force of fifty soldiers?Pratchett is as direct as Vorbis is devious. There's an old saying that runs &quot;I'm not a bigot, I hate everybody&quot;. Vorbis doesn't hate anybody, just those following false doctrines. Nor does Pratchett hate anyone, but his scathing wit in this book leaves few untouched . There are some light passages, but this book is deadly serious. It's not small gods, but small minds that Pratchett targets and he hits the mark unerringly [He's nearly prescient about Christian reaction to J.K. Rowlings' Harry Potter books]. Pratchett holds the mirror before us to consider our beliefs. What do we have faith in, and what sustains that faith?. If it proves false, how do we respond? What an experience it would be to visit Pratchett when one of the evangelicals arrives at the door! If he's as verbally devastating as he is with the printed word, there'd only be a smudge on the doormat.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This is an easy to read and comprehendible modified version of the novel Scarlet Letter that is read by high school students. It is perfect for special education students as the reading level is adapted to lower level readers and it follows the plot of the non modified version.

review/helpfulness: 3/13
review/text: After a semester using the text i have come to the conclusion that the authors, Brehm, Kassin, and Fein, leave more questions then answers and that their sub-par sense of humor is more then just a waste of money. After reading certain sections i get the feeling that the authors do not clearly understand the issue at hand, but rather throw 15 different research studies at the topic covering their uncertainty and topping it off with a dire attempt at a joke leaving the reader completely ambiguous.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: [...]i said that it was good and fun but i was all wrong. the day i got it after playing with it by myself, it fell then the pet had a scratches and paint bruises (that white mark). the third day i got bored of the same three chips so i brought more, it was expensive and the chips are small. so my little sister already lost half of them (and the chips are easy to spot). the first two weeks it ran out of power, and it has their own special battery,so it was gone (also i forgot to say is the, gameplay of it was bad,and it was imposible to beat somebody with a higher level and better chips unlike yugioh). For kids (like me) don't ask to buy it ,it was hard to find some body with the pet. for parents make sure there is a x on this thing on your child's list,it won't last long (more likely for younger kids). overall to everyone should get the nintendo ds,GBA or atleat the video now thing, this pet is a waste.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: There's a special circle in Hell for those who decide to release great movies on DVD in TV (Full Screen) format, rather than letterboxed, or in both on one disk (as Annie Hall was done). This great, classic movie is timeless, the performances are awesome, and the group scene in the kitchen is the finest finale in recent memory. If you don't enjoy this movie over and over, even in Full Screen format, seek professional help.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: American photographer Lauren Greenfield's recent exhibition is entitled "Girl Culture". The artist's stunning documentary photographs are prompting comparisons to other female photographers such as Tina Barney and Nan Goldin.Like Barney, also a documentarist of the social realms of contemporary America, Greenfield painstakingly monitors subtle variations of self-representation, made congruent with commonly accepted ideals at the earliest possible stage in a person's development. The rites Greenfield are watching are those of the common girl. In this way, "Girl Culture" presents the opposite of the body-hiding conventions of Barney's East Coast WASPs. Greenfield focuses on the procedures of preparing and presenting the body in a body-fixated mass culture."Girl Just Want to Have Fun" springs to mind as a disturbing euphemism for living the life of a little girl, an adolescent, or a grown woman in the United States today. Oscillating between overeating, starving, and self-mutilation, these girls become conditioned at an early age (even as young as four) by dressing up (and looking frighteningly grown-up) in a brutally competitive environment filled with drastic misconceptions of beauty.The radical affirmation of the standardized ideal sometimes results in travesty, such as when we look through the photographer's eyes at both Las Vegas showgirls and minors wearing too much makeup. Greenfield knows her craft. Her eye is never hurtful or brutally revealing, but instead allows her subjects to present themselves the way they like, the way they live - knowing that the production of the self in front of the camera can be more revealing than any pose the photographer suggests.Beauty, for most of these girls and women, is used as a weapon. It seems to grant self-esteem and acceptance. The outer appearance supports and covers the self simultaneously until the individual is no longer indistinguishable from the masses, until it seems to blend in smoothly. The American body is a body for the masses that results in mass display of the manipulated, operated, augmented body on such ritual occasions as pageants and spring breaks. Greenfield shows the way that these rituals conceal a rigid subtext of pain, suppression, and denial.Remarkable is the sheer absence of men in all of these scenes. With the exception of a spring ritual, in which a group of men hold up a woman like a broken Barbie doll, they are almost invisible. They occupy the women's fantasies, their longings, their projections. Thus, they are included in every picture that Greenfield takes, with a girl culture unfolding in front of the backdrop of dominant male culture. In this respect, Greenfield's seemingly objective photography contains a tangiable, important critique. (Written by Magdalena Kroner)

review/helpfulness: 0/6
review/text: This film is like a teenager with short attention span. Storytelling is like facebooking.Too many plots to cover, horrible pacing, no depth.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Not a bad concert but the sound is uneven. I tried every permutation on my Yamaha DSP A-3090 processor to fix the problem but failed. I can't figure it out considering that this is a recent recording.

review/helpfulness: 17/18
review/text: This is the third book by Dr. Bernstein that I have read and it's seems impossible but each one of his books has more and more to offer. If you have Type 1 or Type 2 Diabetes, you absolutely must read this book.I read the first edition, about 6 years ago. It saved my husband's life. My husband is a type 2 diabetic. After seeing his doctor faithfully every 3 to 6 months for 20 years and taking his medications, he became more and more ill. He was at a point of taking 43 units of insulin a night, could hardly walk more than 75 or 100 feet, weighed 270 pounds, his Hemoglobin A1c was 11, he was always tired out, depressed and hell to live with.After reading Dr. Bernstein's book, I knew that my husband could be helped. I put him on a program of low carb and exercise and the results were nothing short of a miracle. He has been off (completely off!) of insulin for over 3 years, he walks 2 miles at the local gym every day, has energy to burn and has lost 80 pounds! His HA1c is 6.5. Best of all he is back to being himself. He is happy again and so am I. We are going into our 5th year of low carb lifestyle and exercise daily. Something I never would have dreamed of doing before reading Dr. Bernstein's book.Dr. Bernstein is one of the voices in the wilderness. His book clearly explains what you need to do to overcome this disease and he should know - he has been a Type 1 diabetic since the age of 12 years old.Dr. Bernstein was an engineer in his earlier years. He approached diabetes through the eyes of an engineer, working the problem until he came up with a solution. The medical profession would not listen to him (and why would they - when they get a diabetic patient, they and the pharmaceutical companies have a patient for life!). When he was 45 years old, he went back to school and became a physician!The American Diabetes Association recommends a diet of 60% carbohydrates!!!! That is absolutely wrong! Dr. Bernstein can explain it to you. Read this book. Save your life or the life of someone you love.I would give this book 10 stars if that rating was available to me.

review/helpfulness: 12/12
review/text: Pops Staples' guitar work and songwriting style is echoed in the MOST unlikely places -- rockabilly, the Rolling Stones (compare the Staples' &quot;the last time&quot; to the Stones' version). Mavis is one of the least well-known and most powerful gospel singers ever recorded. People used to faint at their concerts.No collection of 20th century American music is complete without the Staple Singers' early work.And be careful: if you're not a Christian, the Staples might just convert you!

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: It's fun to tell members of the overeducated elite that you didn't care for this novel. After puffing up a bit and expostulating upon Garcia Marquez's qualifications as an "important" writer, and upon the novel as a "modern classic," most give in and admit that it wasn't a particularly good read for them, either.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: with many reviews that were already written for this classic, i prefer to just commend the wonderful writing style of gabriel garcia marquez. just like what it is touted to be, it is a book that will remind you of your grandparents, with all their stories and superstitions. only one word would sum up everything in this book, and, i think, that is: stunning.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: >:I assumed that the 3 items in the picture was what I was buying, not 1, what am gonna do with one?

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I read this book once nearly 30 years ago and yet many of the images from it remain vibrant for me. I remember picking up the book in the dorm room of a friend and laughing at the cover blurb: &quot;You emerge from this book as if from a dream, the mind on fire.&quot; And my friend said, &quot;You know, the strange thing is that this is a pretty good description.&quot; And he and the reviewer were right.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: I read a previous review that said hers got a run the first time she used them and I figured I'd just be more careful...mine got a run the second time I used them! Unless you're desperate, don't bother. I expected better quality for the price I paid!

review/helpfulness: 15/16
review/text: Frances Sherwood masterfully retells the life and times of Mary Wollstonecraft. Friend to William Blake, Henry Fuseli and other artists, her biography is here given distinctly modern treatment. A fascinating woman, she witnessed the French Revolution, spent weeks locked up in infamous Bedlam, and had a series of disastrous love affairs. Sherwood's recreation of 18th-century London draws the reader in completely. Once started, you will find it difficult to put this book down

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: Tubthumping was Rad! But the rest of the cd doesnt stand a chance of being a hit, the rest is just terrible. I didnt expect any of the other tracks to be singles, and they havent, though they do have a sophmore album.

review/helpfulness: 12/12
review/text: This is a great video for beginners and intermediate yoga students. Naader has a calming presence and inspirational presentation. Of all the yoga videos I've watched, this is the best. I loved the quotes and music and overall presentation. This video has built up my concentration, will power, balance, flexibility and strength, unlike other videos which only concentrate on one or two. For me, this is the only one I need.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Maybe the best $20 i've spent in my life. I love retro arcade games, and game i found sitting in the kohl's department store and i immediatley bought it. The graphics are low (duh) but it is still great. There are so many good games; my favorite is Galaga Arrangement, a new version of Galaga with better graphics and more power-ups. BUY IT!!!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Charles Pellegrino is a born storyteller - and he's working with one of the most fascinating true stories of history. Who can resist that combination?

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Chaucer's original Canterbury Tale's written in Middle English was rather difficult a read. The Penguin Classic version of Canterbury tales was the perfect supplement for my class book text. This modern English translation allows for very easy reading of the satirical and cleverly written tales.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: this record is the finest masterpiece ever. the most cryptic, caressing lyrics brought to you by the finest voice in all the land and drums impossible not beat along with in the air. these guys are the kings of the underground, coming soon to a major label near you, and they deserve it. i don't know what else to say- how can perfection be described?

review/helpfulness: 25/28
review/text: Lincoln Reconsidered is a collection of provactive essays that probe the multiple depths of Abraham Lincoln--life and mythology. He paints Lincoln's portrait onto the background of the sectional conflict that led to the Civil War. Originally published about 1961, Donald's stories remain fresh and relevant. In fact the reader will encounter the thesis and outline for his recent prize-winning biography of Lincoln. I first encoutered LR in 1962 when I taught Advanced Placement American History and assigned portions of the book to my students. They loved it; you will. Donald is a superlative historian and stylist. Listen to these chapter headings: Getting Right With Lincoln, Reconsideration of Abolitionists, Herndon and Mrs. Lincoln, Folklore Lincoln, An Excess of Democracy. Readers of Donald's Lincoln will want to have this as a companion reference piece. It's rare for an historian's essays to experience such a rich and extended publishing history. Here's a quote from my faded copy of LR, a touch of wisdom for our parlous times: &quot;...Lincoln knew that there were limits rational human activity, and that there was no virtue in irritably seeking to perform the impossible. As President, he could only do his best to handle problems as they arose and have a patient trusdt that popular support for his solutions would be forthcoming. But the ultimate decision was beyond his, or any man's, control. 'Now at the end of three years struggle,' he said, 'the nation's condition is not what either party, or any man, devised, or expected. God alone can claim it.'&quot; Page after page runs like this, and virtually every theme connected to the Civil War gets enough discussion to stimulate and edify.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: We were surprised and confused when opened up the Amazon shipping box. The battery has been removed from the retail packaging and wrapped in a bubble wrap with a seal labe said "new". When looked closely at the battery, it's obvious that this is not the same one as what we have in the camera. I'm not sure if $29.94 is a deal for a non-original battery. We strongly urge Amazon to faithfully update the product description, or this is considered a deceiving.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I had trouble following the book at first, but eventually caught on to the message. I recently read another book,America's Keenest City, by Mongo which reads the same for me. Both Marquez and Mongo use bizarre characters and situations to hide their true commentary on their respective societies. Marquez writes about Latin America and Mongo writes about North America. I would recommend both books as essential reading and would suggest reading Mongo if you enjoy reading Marquez.

review/helpfulness: 3/8
review/text: The novel 'Fahrenheit 451` written by Ray Bradbury and published in 1953 takes place in a futuristic dystopian society. The totalitarian state forbids books and most of the people don't question it or offer no resistance. Guy Montag, the main character of the novel, is one of the firemen, who have the assignment to burn books. Until he witnesses, that an old woman wants to die with her books, Guy Montag doesn't question any orders and even likes his job, but after that experience he begins to think about the meaning and power of literature/books and history.The novel 'Fahrenheit 451` shows, what kind of terrible things censorship can do to a society and the importance of free speech. We need to think for ourselves and never accept everything. The author maybe wanted to express a warning through this novel about a society we might have to live in some day. I think this novel is suitable for school reading, because it includes important topics which can be discussed well in class with a teacher, although I didn't really enjoy reading it. It's not a book I would like to read in my freetime, but in class there might be interesting topics to think and discuss about.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: This book is great! It shows several techniques using Wally Jay's Small-Circle theory that work effectively and can be learned quickly. This book is great for people who have experience in the fighting arts or for people who don't. The techniques are clearly described with easy-to-follow, step-by-step illustrations. I highly recommend this book, one of the best martial arts books I've read!!

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: Let's face it: Goldfrapp is amazing, and so are their remixes. But Alan Falke could have done a better remix for Number 1. I think the best one so far is the Chumbomundo Rework by Superchumbo. It takes the song and puts it on a higher key, transforming it into an even sexier song. Unfortunately, the full version and dub are promo-only. However, the rework is included as an edit in "Ultra.Dance.07" as the "Superchumbo Remix". Listen to it and you'll see why I love it.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Depending on who you are, there are different messages provided in this book. To a reader in the 50's, this book may just seem like a chilling, futuristic novel. More can be seen by the modern reader because the actual science fiction portion of the book is less distracting. All of the devices described in the book we either already have, or now know are impossible to create within this new century. For example, the interactive &quot;family&quot; Millie was so involved in could be around any day now to consume our loved ones. The mechanical hound, on the other hand, won't be. When the creativity and dazzling ideas of the &quot;future&quot; are lost, the morals and messages become more defined. Bradbury was probably more accurate than he would have ever thought, as we move towards a more lazy America. Some of these messages seem more religious then anything else. They inspire to take advantage of the moment, and be thankful for what we have been provided. No matter how advanced we become, nothing will replace picnics and family values. Although these things have deteriorated over time thanks to technology, they should always be practiced if only for tradition

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I'm in a medical school, and I find this book insanely useful...even for very elementary things. It has EVERYTHING in it and I don't regret buying it for a second :).

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: The caracthers , who played Face,Murdock,B.A, and Hannibal Smith, is genius. This old serie from 1982-1984, is one of the very best i have ever seen. It has all , Comedy, action, a little bit of drama, the series is very creative, and funny. many good ideas in the manuscipt. The characters is very ,smart ,funny, creative , and in a class of their own. The music to A-team is very good, it fits very well to everything in a-team. Good sound, and a little funny sound. A Good idea to have many more songs to, and then of cause the Theme of A-team.Well i'm always watching this , at 02.00 at the night.It dosen't matter what time it goes, i'm whaching it anyway. No crazy bloodkillers in a-team. That's very good to. Terrific music, thats for sure.I want to thanks everybody in a-team, for everything.goodbye. /J. it fits

review/helpfulness: 15/24
review/text: Like the few ADULT reviewers here, my 30-something GF and I decided to sit through this to its bitter end just to see if the dialog could get worse... It did! It was like the staged MTV &quot;real world&quot; shows... Adults are stupid.... You can survive being dewey eyed in NYC? GAG! When the heroine opened her mouth the first time, my GF and I both cringed at her voice. Her name needed to be &quot;Bambi&quot;. Then there was the hapless daddy. Then there was everything else. About the time the heroine and hero are doing the teen aged ga-ga thing and uttering mind numbing trivia to each other, and my GF is making motions like she is going to heave into her popcorn, I glanced over at the row of teenaged girls next to us - they were enraptured!As I said.... Great film if you're under 16 !Unlike one of the other reviewers who noted all the idiocy going on in the bar (like the overpouring which is both illegal and irresponsible), I will dismiss this as aimed directly at a teenaged audience without a shred of real world experience (I owned a large bar and saloon), and thus literary license.I gave it ONE star for TWO reasons: The first is ... rate it with negative stars..... and the second is that there was some genuine stompin' music.... Interrupted only occasionally by the shrill screeching of the heroine and the other mindless dialog.

review/helpfulness: 5/21
review/text: This is a nasty, mean-spirited book that exhibits contempt for the Torah and Torah values. When I picked up this book at the local library, I assumed that I would just love it and want to buy a copy for my college-age daughter (who is also a cat-owning Rabbi's daughter). But this isn't just some loveable cat regaling us with home-spun, and potentially Torah-based wisdom. No, this cat uses bad language, is obsessed with masturbation and, on occasion, likes to grab the nearest lady cat and "show" her (and us, unfortunately) a thing or two. (Anyone for cat pornography?) Oh, and the lovable rabbi ends up desecrating Shabbos (the Sabbath) and eating trefe (non-kosher) food in a crisis of faith brought on by finding out that his daughter's new husband is not strictly observant and his family is not at all observant. Warning: this book is not suitable for children!

review/helpfulness: 4/11
review/text: Predictable, linear, bloody. No Romero, this. Where's the story? A lot of screaming hysterical girls and fairly original monsters, but that's it.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I love the fact that this story was written with 15 different voices. Often times people would try to shell out 15 separate books instead, but I like the weaving interplay of the stories as they go into around and through one another.This truly does (as another reviewer said) give the impression of an oral history and stories as they'd be told around a camp fire, very enjoyable.

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: I have never enjoyed caring for my lawn before. This book makes it fun, the results are gratifying. If you love being outdoors and tinkering in the yard and garden--this is the formula.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: Although I must admit that the book itself provides lot sof useful details espacially in the STRUCTURE section of teh TOEFL, software prvoded on the CD ROM seems to be very raw and not fully tested. Here is what you are about to get:1. The book claims that CD ROM has 8 model test + one real CAT. While it is true, test questions repeat throughout the tests. SO, do not bothe rto take model tests, go straight to the CAT because that is what you are really after. Otherwise, you will be disappointed to see the same questions again. Nice thing though is that if you re-take CAT it randomly pull squestions out of the pool. So, you just win here in any way.2. I took the full CAT and when it was time to score it, the program just HUNG. Very diasppointing. I unloaded the CD ROM to my hard drive and retook the test. This time it worked fine, however, my READING results were horrible. I could not believe it and retook just reading section, as it does not allow you to review the results after you have taken the full test. My results were VERY low again, so I checked out what kind of errors I made, and realize dthat I was being graded against WRONG paragraphs. Basically they a problem with their software.That said, be careful, if you know what you are fater, get the book, it is pretty good, but be very cautios about CD ROM. Oh, this review is about the book with CD ROM not with four audio CDs.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: who said this record wasn't all that? I beg your pardon, you don't say. this record is not for a party, it's for your ears. This is pure joy. the guy that gave one star does not like jazz. listen to this late at night after your girlfriend broke up with you. this is life affirming it's hopeful it taps into all your emoticons and beyond. if i knew you i would just make you a copy but it's cheap enough. check it out when you are screwed up or to impress a lady. either way you will score.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This was a very enjoyable history book, and certainly one of the best books I have every read on Florida history. Though it is filled with facts and dates, it is also full of stories that make colonial St. Augustine come alive. It was also helpful that each chapter is a little story of it's own which relates to the whole book, but can be read separately. Best of all, the Spanish Inquisition makes an appearance, and nobody expects the Spanish Inquisition.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: The Scarlet Letter is a work of genius. Nathaniel Hawthorne tells his story with astonishingly perfect art. The plot is flawless (except for the final chapter). His prose style, though difficult, is entirely appropriate to the seriousness of his themes. We are taken into the mid-seventeenth century world of the Puritan New Englanders with brilliant economy, the social and natural scene is superbly rendered, the drama is immediately and vividly brought before us.In a holier-than-thou community where the sinner (a person who has broken one of God's commandments) is forever judged, damned and punished, a young woman, Hester Prynne, has been found guilty of adultery. She will therefore be made a permanent example of. The story of the rest of Hester's life is one half of what the novel is concerned with, showing us the goodness and healthy rebelliousness of the human heart that must, and does, prevail.The other half of the story concerns Reverend Arthur Dimmesdale, Hester's lover (the father of their 'unnatural', illegitimate child), who only near the end reveals his crime to the people of the town. Before this occurs, unlike Hester, who is almost completely ostracised and forced to always wear a scarlet letter A, for Adultery, he is venerated as a saint by the community. His confession exposes the whole compromised, hypocritical system - outcome of a movement which began (history records) with hopes of being a 'new Zion', 'a city set on a hill'.The novel is at its most intense when revealing Dimmesdale's profound spiritual torment as he struggles with his feelings of guilt and need to both confess and keep hidden his 'fallen' state. Our appalled identification with him, as he recognises his utter damnation (his conscience continually pricked by Hester's vengeful, cold, intellectual husband, whose true identity only she knows), shows us the full horror of believing sins are never forgiven and must be defeated through suppression of 'corrupt' human nature.As well as the justly famous symbolism, the story is composed of many other elements, including fable, psychology and the simplest down-to-earth realism. Reading it is to feel that all life - however circumscribed - is here. The characters, especially Hester and Dimmesdale, are so well drawn they rise above symbolic limitations. They are fully realised human beings, with recognisable flaws and virtues.The Scarlet Letter is a book for all humanity and all time. It took me to a world which I sometimes found oppressive and very nearly life-denying, yet due to Nathaniel Hawthorne's artistry an infinitely enriching and always enjoyable experience. These are, after all, the surest signs of a great novel.

review/helpfulness: 6/9
review/text: Can't really say anything that hasn't already been said - this is a must-watch every year. I'm frankly amazed that the networks (as I recall this initially aired on CBS - Channel 5 for us - now on ABC). I'm watching it right now in fact - the only thing spoiling it ever so slightly are the "new" commercials (compared to when I was a kid). I would love to have seen an "alternate" version of Charlie Brown Christmas which includes the original commercials that were nationally aired - I remember the old sponsor, Dolly Madison (are they still making Zingers?) Maybe they can do that on the next release of this little gem :) just a thought.I've watched this show as long as I can remember - almost 40 years now...Along with "It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown" a must-watch during the holidays.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: This is without a doubt one of the top 20th century novels, and as such, very much has been written about it.Some clasify it as an epic, while others try and find all the symbolism and deep meaning behind the story of Macondo and the Buend&iacute;a family.Let me just say that more than a great novelist, Garc&iacute;a Marquez is a great observer. As a colombian, I can honestly say that the events depicted in this well written novel are not as far away from our reality as might seem at first. Things like the ones descibed here do happen in small &quot;conte&ntilde;o&quot; (from the coast) towns throughout Latinamerica in general.I am sure that for quite some time Gabo had a laugh at the expense of all who searched for the real and inner meaning of Cien A&ntilde;os de Soledad, and who wrote innumerable pages full of interpretations.This book is simply the story of a town as told by a grandmother to her grandson.You either love this book or you hate it, and if you hate it, it's because your world is too small and simple and you do not have the imagination it takes to understand this as an account of my &quot;bananero&quot; country's reality.Do not miss this book.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: This was an awesome movie! The cg graphics was excellent and the story was cool!! This has made a super movie for the halloween holiday!!

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: I love Smallville, and have been watching it since the start. And it's great that this season has introduced new characters like Hawkman and Dr. Fate. But when, oh when, is Clark Kent going to learn to fly and BE Superman? I for one am getting tired waiting.Tom Welling, who plays Clark Kent, is 33 years old! If we don't have a superman by the end of the 10th series we never will. I fear the program makers are worried that once he becomes Superman the story is complete, and they're out of work. But there is no reaon that should be. A proper Superman series would make the ultimate spin-off.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: Although Daniel Auteuil does his usual excellent character portrayal in this film, as an accountant who pretends to be gay to save his job with a condom manufacturer, it is Gerard Depardieu who steals the film. Depardieu plays a homophobic colleage who first schemes to get him fired and then seeks to engratiate himself with Auteuil in order to save his own job. I like this film better than this director's "The Dinner Party." For one, the other film has no counterpart to the hilarious Depardieu, found only in "The Closet." Director Francis Veber can deliver with French comedies and that genre needs a resurrection from its glory days of the 1970s.

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: The movie and book are almost two completely different works of art.The book - a philosophical and at times clinical look at relationships - Kundera's commentaries distancing you from the characters and storyline.The movie on the other hand draws you in from the very start - falling in love w/ Tereza and Tomas - they become a part of you - it just draws me in over and over again. It's amazing that in Tomas' infidelity and impureness - such a pure and beautiful relationship springs.I wish I could get more people to give this movie a viewing. Every time I watch it, it touches my life in a way so few movies do.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: The picture shows several items when you select the purple one and has "alternate views" showing these items. And the kicker is that its 10$ more than the other colors, so it seems like its a package deal, but I only got the one purple vibe. I totally would have gotten the clear one for less money if I knew that was the case because who cares what color it is really. I, for one, am about function over fashion. FALSE ADVERTISING!!

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This is a good quality pajama set and was worth the price I paid with an Amazon discount. Be forewarned that the color is a really bright red though.

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: I have not received it yet am very disappointed as I was told I would get it by the official release date am still waiting

review/helpfulness: 12/15
review/text: This book is an expanded version of the author's first book, originally titled _A Millionaire's Secret Investment Strategy_.This book is part expos&eacute; (about 30%) and part technique (70%).It explains how the author made his million (in real dollars, not in market value) actually investing (not writing about investing, not by commissions, and not by salary from a mutual fund company). That background separates the author from about 99% of all other authors who write about the stock market.It's defintely an eye-opener book. The technique or strategy presented is almost a &quot;why didn't I think of that?&quot; kind of strategy. Basically, the idea is to run your portfolio the same way you would run a business. It's not a get-rich-quick kind of plan, but because stock market investing is a compounding activity (the more you make the more you can invest), you can grow geometrically instead of linearly.The other nice feature of this strategy is that it requires a minimal amount of analysis compared to many others that I've seen. You just focus on the essential measures of quality (and they are essential).Be warned though: every business has it's good and bad times. Sometimes your portfolio will very profitable, but other times the profits may be slow in coming. It's the nature of almost all businesses. The key is to maintain your plan during the slow times and reign in your greed during the boom times.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: This is definately on of the scariest movies ever made! 4.5 out 5 stars! It's a little slow in the middle. This film isn't for everybody though, this one gives you authentic scares! This isn't for everyone. You have to use your imagination and put yourself in the characters shoes. Works in every movie. But if you are one of those who just don't care about story, or just to lazy to think, and just want thrills, Then rent Halloween, Nightmare on Elm Street, Friday the 13th, or The Texas Chainsaw Massacre.This has the perfect ending! This isn't as scary as The Omen or The Exorcist, but it's right up there with them! Definately worth checking out!

review/helpfulness: 16/18
review/text: I recently received a Fuji Finepix F601 as a gift; the giver, a professional photographer, included a Fuji 128MB Smart Media Card as a matter of course. Thank goodness he knew what he was doing in terms of storage needs, at least -- the 601 only comes with a 16MB card, which on the 601 is only enough for 5 images at the highest recording level. If you're getting a compatible Fuji, Olympus, or other-brand camera, you really need the highest storage card possible.But it turns out these cards are fragile, and fingerprints can short them out or cause problems with the camera or reader being able to access their contents. So the best way to keep them around forever is to get a 128 MB card and never remove it! Ideally, then, this should be a solution coupled with the purchase or ownership of a camera which interfaces directly (USB or firewire) with the PC, so there won't be a need to remove the card. Ever. That security, and the ability to store over a hundred 8x10 print-quality pix on one wafer-thin card, makes the bigger sized card easily worth the extra cost if you're getting a Fuji or other-brand digital camera.As for brand...well, after trying a Fuji and a Viking card, and checking the wiring stats on both, it turns out the brand names of Smart Cards have almost nothing to do with quality (with the exception of one minor function on Olympus cameras which only Olympus cards do). These are, for all intents and purposes, interchangable -- so buying the cheapest one out there is the best bet. And, although amazon.com inexplicably doesn't include rebate savings when listing card costs unless you're looking at the actual page for the actual product, with rebates, the Viking card IS the cheapest Smart Media brand on the market -- by a factor of about 10% or more. With no complaints and lots of joyful picture taking happening in my house, I therefore give SimpleTech five stars for the basic product...but take away one star for a higher cost. Sorry, SimpleTech.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This book frustrates me, but in a good way. Reading it, get this feeling of how difficult life is to understand. It's just such a great book-- it makes you laugh, it depresses you, it makes you think and it just leaves mesmerized. Go ahead and buy this book, read it, and you won't be left feeling disappointed.

review/helpfulness: 6/16
review/text: My wife and I had a rare opportunity to find a babysitter and head out to a Sunday movie. Not knowing what was out, we began exploring ratings and reviews on Amazon and Google. While not in the mood for a horror movie, we decided to see The Descent anyway, simply because it was rated extremely high compared to everything else.So, with popcorn in hand, we rolled past previews and into The Descent.The Descent is a story of a British woman and her group of friends who enjoy extreme adventures such as rafting on rapids, rock climbing, and even base jumping. After a tragedy, the reunite in the Appalachian mountains to explore a cave. It is here that the frights begin.Without giving away spoilers, I will mention some aspects of The Descent that my wife and I discussed in the car after the movie.First and foremost, we were surprised at how much blood and gore was in the film. It wasn't needed, and many times felt out of place. The blood and gore became very distracting. We both feltit was over the edge and took away from the story. Blood isn't scary in and of itself, and after a while it loses its shock value.Secondly, there were too many cheap frights in the movie. By this I mean unexpected scenes meant to stop your heart that come out of the blue and really have nothing to do with the plot. The beginning and ending of The Descent feature scenes like this. (and no, they were black cats jumping out of shadows)Third, while the acting was good, the characters were forgettable. One month from now I won't remember either the actors or their characters.That brings me to the fourth point: while entertaining, The Descent was forgettable. My wife and I agreed strongly on this point. In a year from now we most likely will be browsing the video stores and come across The Descent. I can hear the words now, "Did we see that? I can't remember? Was that the movie..."Spoiler alert....Lastly, the ending was out of place. The main character does something to another character that wrecked the film for us. Earlier in the film, Juno is under attack and swings arounf wildly, only the land a climbing pick that goes all the way through another characters throat. That character can't speak, and drops to the group. While on the group, blood pours from this character's would at a fast and furious pace. There is a scene where you can literally see the blood pouring to the ground at a shocking rate. The stream from the wound is about an half inch thick. In any case, Juno leaves her for dead. My wife and I didn't blame her. This woman was toast with that kind of blood loss.But, alas, the woman didn't die and is still doing OK twenty minutes later in the film. Can you say hokey? I knew you could. Juno is then left for dead by the main character. The main character comes off as a bigger fool that Juno. At least Juno didn't kill on purpose.And then the main character fleas, only to give us another part deux of the cheesy ending: a heart stopper in the getaway vehicle. The end of the Descent contained two scenes that were out of place and ruined the movie for us. Nuff said.The movie was scary, the acting good, the story was pretty good, but the directing and the fleshing out of the characters in the script left us happy to ascend from The Descent.It is worth seeing, but my wife and I both agreed:1) We would not see it again2) We would not buy it on DVD3) We would be hesitant to recommend it to many of our friendsTotal Score (out of 100) = 4820 (out of 50). Enjoyment. A rating based on my overall enjoyment of the film.7 (out of 10). Acting. How good was the acting?8 (out of 10). Immersion. Did the movie suck me into the story?8 (out of 10). Intangibles. Special effects. Movie pace. Is the movie forgettable, or something you will talk about and remember for weeks? Years?4 (out of 10). Must see. Is this movie worth seeing/renting?1 (out of 10). Must buy. Is this movie a must buy/purchase?

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: I switched to CA Antivirus from Norton which was slowing down my 3.2 gig XP system. I had no problems with it and was content until it was time to renew my license. One month before renewal time the program's renewal module kicked in. after EVERY boot up the module would sit in memory until I connected to the internet. at which time it would automatically ask me to renew and opened up my default web browser to the renewal site. After 4 days of this I felt my back was against the wall and renewed my license,(I did like the program). Unfortunately that was not the end of it. I received no confirmation of purchase from the company until 15 DAYS AFTER RENEWAL PURCHASE. Yes my order was listed in the website, and yes the automatic reminder continued every single boot up and connection. after a week of calling Customer service (4x) and getting the runaround I found turning on my computer so unpleasant that I searched around and found another program which was less intrusive and Just as effective if not more so. I managed to still maintain an acceptable level of computer footprint so that my resorces are not taxed as with Norton or Mcafee as well. It was a shame because I liked the product but the Greed Module kicked in and ruined the program for me. - Switched to Kaspersky. There are many other very good antivirus programs out there, you just have to do a little digging.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: Maggie Smith hasn't played the lead for such a long time that part of the joy of this 1987 British film directed by Jack Clayton is seeing her again. Based on the wonderful novel by Irish Brian Moore published in 1955, this project was optioned at various times by Geraldine Page, Katharine Hepburn, Rachel Roberts and Deborah Kerr but circumstances failed them. Perhaps we were lucky to have waited for Smith since she is heartbreakingly good as the aging spinster who has her last chance at romance when she moves into a Dublin boardinghouse. Smith's large sorrowful dark blue eyes express the waste of her life and her yearning for happiness yet she is never pathetic, even when we see her lying about her relationship with American Bob Hoskins. Their romance is a based on a misunderstanding that you wait to unravel. I particularly like the scene after Smith has learnt the truth when she gets progressively drunker and funnier as she talks to a family who barely tolerate her visits. Hoskins acts with his eyebrows, like a hyper-Groucho, though strangely his weakness adds a dimension to the ending. Worth noting are Marie Kean as the landlady, whose smiles conceal malice; Ian McNeice as her son, a piggy Dylan Thomas; and the lovely music of Georges Delerue.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Like an extended music video, Run Lola Run is one of those visceral movies that can be watched passively for while but before long it gets under your skin making your heart pound your lungs heave and your mind race. Tom Tykwer's direction and writing turned out a fantastic film that is pure action. This is a foreign film but its concept and style are close to home. Using the universal appeal of driving beats, as well as techno tunes and fast action photography this film is one that immediately grabs hold of teens and young adults and older people too! Franka Potente is powerful in this film. She is aesthetically pleasing (as always) and really makes the film enjoyable to watch. The dialogue is quite simple and you need not know a lick of German except maybe die tasche (the bag) which is a line used often throughout.The film is centered on a young arty couple who are in need of money to pay off a loan after getting the. I am not going to give away a single plot detail because it may make the movie less enjoyable. However the movie is in fact three different scenarios of what happens in their pursuit of get back the money. Not all of these scenarios end happily. I have always imagined the movie as the imaginings of the couple as they plan and go through the contingencies of getting money.Stylistically this movie is shot a lot like a music video and is more emotionally stimulating than is an intellectual one.Its adrenalizing driving feel is refreshing especially considering it is a foreign film. So often foreign films are intellectual or just quaint. Not here. The only omission I would have made was the use of the animations that run in a few parts. They aren't bad and do not heavily detract but they are a little bit like something out of the `80's. But overall, the heavy use of high energy volume fast action shots, aggressive dialogue against a relatively austere urban German backdrop that accentuates the action makes this such a fun film to watch.Beware when watching this movie you will probably want to do some cardio and this makes a great one to watch while on the treadmill if you have such a set up. This movie is pumped with energy and is a great point of entry into foreign film. It is one that is highly accessible very stimulating and good for a wide audience. I highly recommend you see this one: Its style pushed the envelope of what a film can be and is truly a masterpiece. The DVD offers a few extras and English audio which makes it all the more easy to watch.-- Ted Murena

review/helpfulness: 13/20
review/text: I'll make this short &amp; simple. I like the performance, but have a hard time getting past the sound. For some reason the violin sound is completely lacking in the high frequencies. The piano sounds fine, however. I suspect that there was a lot of spotlighting with the microphone placement, and that the violins were recorded too closely. Other recordings I have of various Mozart piano concertos are with Brendel/Marriner, Brendel/Mackerras, O'Conor/Mackerras, Uchida/Tate, Schiff/Vegh. I consider them all the be very fine performances. As far as sound goes, the Goode/Orpheus and Uchida/Tate are my least favorite recordings. The playing by the Orpheus CO is top notch.

review/helpfulness: 15/16
review/text: This review is not about the quality of the shoe (which looked quite satisfactory) but about the sizing.The shoe runs both small and narrow (even though i ordered a wide).FYI- if that happens and you have to return it- You will have to pay for the return shipping to amazon

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: Having not read the book, I really didn't know what to expect. Let me tell you it was a pleasant surprise. For starters, Diane Lane was the perfect choice for the lead character Frances Mayes. She brings a natural reality to the character, instead of the saccharin sweet typically found in a romantic comedy. Diane instantly makes you feel like you know this woman. She's your neighbor, or someone you work with. In the scene after she learns of her husband's infidelities, she looks horrible - exactly like you'd expect like a woman would look after traumatic news. Of course Diane Lane is a very beautiful woman and as the movie progresses that becomes more and more apparent. Luckily Diane is more than just a pretty face and her performance is stellar. The movie as a whole is understated, letting things play out instead of spelling everything out and Diane provides a wonderful tapestry for you to see what is happening to her. Her reactions tell you more than pithy dialog ever could and as a result you end up taking the journey with her.As much as I loved Diane Lane in this movie, she is surrounded by an incredible supporting cast. Sandra Oh, as the best friend, delivers an authentic performance. Instead of the typical "funny sidekick" so often played by those in the role of best friend, she's down to earth and real. Raoul Bova plays the Italian lover and should make most women weak in the knees, but I found Vincent Riotta, the real estate agent, to be a much richer character. And speaking of rich characters, Lindsay Duncan plays a wonderful eccentric as Katherine who almost serves as a fairy godmother.Although the acting is superb, what bring it all together are the talents of Audrey Wells who serves as the screenplay writer, director and producer. Most of Audrey's background has been in writing. Clearly Ms. Wells has a love of Italy and a love of the novel and all of that shows on the screen. She filmed in the cities that are represented and she hired actors that are the nationality in which they play and the age in which they should be. The entire film shines with authenticity and coupled with wonderful performances and directing, Audrey has redefined the romantic comedy. This movie is a tune-up for the soul. If anyone has been down on their luck or not so lucky in love this movie will pour some sweetness into that bitter place. Highly recommended.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: We have had these for a couple years now and the only ones that have broken are ones that have fallen on the floor. These have held up well through dishwashing. They are thick and heavier weight glasses--not like the cheap ones that break easily. Great quality and a great price.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: It took the first three volumes of his Martian series for Edgar Rice Burroughs to get his hero John Carter, former cavalier of Virginia, and Dejah Thoris, princess of Helium to the point where they could live happily ever after. Satisfied with the combination of romance and pulp adventure, this fourth Martian novel turns to the next generation of Barsoomians. Cathoris, son of the Warlord of Mars and his beloved princess, is one of two princes and a Jeddak who are seeking the hand of the Thuvia of Ptarth. When she is kidnapped by the sinister Prince Astok of Dusar, the entire planet is about to be thrown into a bloody war and Cathoris has to follow in his father's footstep and deal with savage beasts and phantom armies as he rescues Thuvia and saves Barsoom from a costly war. Of course, by the time he catches up with his beloved, Cathoris finds the situation is slightly more complicated than he thought, mainly because ERB never provides a smooth ending for his couples."Thuvia, Maid of Mars" was originally serialized in "All-Story Weekly" in April 1916, which explains the novel's subtext about world war, since one was going on in Europe at that point in time. The original title was "Cathoris," but apparently when it was published as a novel in 1920 somebody wised up and changed it. Thuvia is not as great a name as Deja Thoris, but it is not bad. In many ways this is like the previous novel, "The Warlord of Mars," where the hero chases his beloved across the landscape of Barsoom and has to deal with green men and white apes. Fortunately, unlike ERB's Tarzan series, "Thuvia, Maid of Mars" is really the only time that repeats himself like this in the Martian series, which stands out as his best as he proves in the next and most inventive volume in the series, "Chessmen of Mars."

review/helpfulness: 10/14
review/text: Boring, speaker very unenthusiastic, not enough sewing information

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Lenin's Tomb is an autopsy of sorts, performed by one present during the last death throes of the Soviet Union. There are ultimate causes of death (a non-functioning economy), as well as underlying factors (a history of repression, totalitarian rule) contributing to this body politic's demise.Imagine a coal mine with no elevator in the shafts so the miners have to walk 2 hours to get to their place in the mine where they can start working. The kicker: they don't get paid for travelling to and from their place in the mine. Imagine Soviet prisoners of war released after WW2, only to have Stalin send them to labor camps because he was afraid they had lived too long under foreign influence.There are stories of people who were part of the system yet tried as much as they could to follow their conscience so they could somehow bridge the chasm cleaving their souls in two. Remnick describes hardliners, people who genuinely long for the days of Stalin, and with a compassionate eye, tries to describe the world they have lived through and now find themselves orphans of sorts in the new order.I was amazed that so many lived and died so miserably for so long. Remnick's research, interviews and astonishing eye for detail makes the faceless numbers who lived through 70 odd years of the Soviet Union come alive and lets the reader share in their trials and their triumphs.

review/helpfulness: 4/8
review/text: Its sad that a animation that is clearly made to attract children was made with such rude humor and disrespect towards others. How this animation could be recomended for anyone is beyond me. Shame on you Adam Sandler that your ability is not used for more postive purposes.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: The sound quality and performance of the extra tracks doesn't add anything to the original recording.

review/helpfulness: 12/13
review/text: I have been looking so long for decent &quot;cheese&quot; fillings for pasta, and I've found it here. She gives tasty alternatives to soy in many of her recepies, which I appreciate, because being vegan doesn't necessarily mean that you like Tofu.

review/helpfulness: 3/9
review/text: I read this book several years ago along with quite a few of his other books.I've never been disappointed.The books are written in good form and the characters have extreme depth.My grandmother has this book in her library and I am now working on completing my collection.

review/helpfulness: 11/12
review/text: The refresh rate on this monitor is excellent. I barely notice any ghosting while watching DVD movies or playing today's graphic intensive PC games. The combination of high resolution and high contrast ratio makes the images, especially text, appear crisp and sharp, from edge to edge. The color accuracy is also incredible. Colors are vibrant and rich; making it the perfect choice for digital artists. All the colors are well represented, as are shades of grey.The only flaw I see in this model is the lack of adjustability. The height is fixed.DELL LCD monitors are a terrific value and is the only monitor I use, both for work and play. I highly recommend it!

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: Keel is a true investigator. He leaves no path untread upon in his search for the truth behind the UFO phenomenon. His countless accounts of the Men in Black and their games will inform you as to their place in all of this, frighten you and even make you laugh out loud. His work helps defend the theory that aliens are inter-dimensional rather than extra-terrestrial.Even if you are not a UFO buff, this is a smooth, yet thorough induction into this strange and all too close world. Even for you non-believers, the connections made in this book will at the very least gnaw at you and most definately entertain you.I've probably read over a hundred books on paranormal and UFOs and still have them. I found 'Alien Agenda' by Marrs and 'Alien Rapture by Fouche - Steiger to be my favorites, and I have read them more than once. Alien Rapture - The Chosen by Fouche is being made into a screen-play by a major studio in Burbank CA. Also see all the books by Jim Marrs.

review/helpfulness: 4/11
review/text: I expected that this book would be wonderful. Many friends urged me to read it and so I did - up to page 168. I think I just don't get it. I began to get sea sick from being at times engaged in the story to next wondering what the point of reading it was. War after war, sex after sex, baby after baby.... it got old and so I gave up. Hooray for all who get the beauty of the story and enjoy it. I wish I had been able. Next.....

review/helpfulness: 15/30
review/text: Intoxicated, I had just finished The Iliad and The Odyssey. I came to the conclusion that I still hold, that Homer is one of the greatest poets of all time, (and to his merit, I deduce this from a translation, and even very good translation saps a massive percentage of goodness from almost any poetry).Then, a few days later, upon entrance into the incandescent crucible of Freshman English class, we started "studying" the Odyssey, and to the stupid pleasure of my classmates, our teacher in her benevolence announced that we would be watching this piece of worthless crap supplementing our piecemeal "study" of the Odyssey. I was skeptical, but I could not have been prepared for the ensuing blasphemy. I am not inclined to waste my time recalling every freakish perversion of plot, travesty of drama as an art form, embarrassment to the special effects crew, and overall mockery of Homer that this film contained, but let it suffice to say that there was not one well done instant in the whole film, not one moment that gave me anything akin the orgasmic mythopoeic thrill I encountered in the poem itself.This is not to say that I did not enjoy the film- far from it. During the few minutes when my head was not hooded and submerged under my desk, during the hilarious moments when my ears were not frantically plugged, I had about as much comic relief to the perdition of high school as a boy can ask for. After hearing Aelous, I relished thoughts of mutilating the "brains" behind this catastrophe. And I suppose I have a soft spot for patently fake gore and cheesy pseudo-Gothic atmospheres of "terror", and the Scylla scene pandered to that. I pretended I was watching Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and enjoyed myself. I LOVE crappy special effects!!I was shocked to learn that this was made in 1997. I truly believed this was made in the 60's.Homer, I praise thee, and maybe I shall avenge thy memory.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: It is difficult to properly review this book. If one is used to the superb works usually presented by Taunton Press, Setting Up Shop is a disappointment. Not because the information is inadequate; far from it! Sandor presents solutions to problems you wouldn't have thought existed until they jumped up and bit you on the nose. How much insulation should you have in your new shop? How do you keep the cords from wrapping around your legs and dropping you into the whirring tablesaw blade? Did you even know it could happen? It can. Sandor Nagyszalanczy will help you avoid disaster.Unfortunately, I cannot give a full five stars to this book because it's layout is, basically, odd. References to other pages in the book are wrong and you have to hunt before and after to find the chart, reference, picture, etc. you wanted. The text seems to disappear around a photo and reappear on the next page where you wouldn't expect it. Very, very annoying!Still, I learned an enormous amount and so will you. There is golden data hidden here but it is well worth the search.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: This book has so much insight and will help anyone who is willing to follow the principles in this book. My whole attitude about my marriage and the problems in my marriage have changed. I now understand my roll in how my marriage problems came about and what I must now do to save my marriage. This book gives clear direction on what a person needs to do in order for marriage restoration to take place. Highly recommend for anyone who is having marital problems, is separated, or is divorced and seeking to reconcile.

review/helpfulness: 3/10
review/text: If I could give five stars to the audience I sat with, I would. There were only two seats left in the entire theater (I think it seats about 300), and everybody sat quietly, watched the film, didn't talk on their cells and were polite. I don't think I'll ever run into a crowded audience like that again in life. FIVE STARS FOR THE NEW 400 THEATER!Cons: I said this about Fast Five and I'll say it again about this film: I miss strong female leads. Although Frances McDormand was a leader, her character was annoying. Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, on the other hand, was just in the way. Unlike Megan Fox, who was beautiful, sexy and a strong enough character that she could roll with the guys and fix cars too, Rosie's character was this irritating Damsel in Distress who constantly needed saving. Her character, Carly, was CONSTANTLY being saved by Shia LaBeouf's character Sam Witwicky. I just wanted her to hurry up and fall out of the Sears (if you insist, I'll call it "Willis") Tower so we could go on with the film. She didn't add much to the film besides owning a car, and I already knew the secret to the car as soon as I found out she had one. John Turturro's character Simmons was another one who wasn't really necessary. I liked him far more than Carly, but both of them could've been removed from the film and it wouldn't have made a bit of difference. The world still needed to be saved. I heard the guy next to me in the movie theater complain about there being too many subplots, and I agreed. But for a different reason. I wish the main plot would've been developed more and the romance developed less. It slowed the film down. There was more action than there was plot.Pros: The action scenes were outstanding. Of course being a Chicagoan, I was excited to see all of the Chicago scenes. There's a special place in my heart for Bumblebee and Optimus Prime. I LOVE those characters. I love all the Transformers, and it was fun going down memory lane and remembering all the times my older brother talked me into playing Transformers with him. I think Shia LaBeouf is great. I love to see him in action, and ANYTHING Tyrese does is going to catch my attention. He is gorgeous and a great actor, too. He had a stronger lead in this film, which was a definite perk. Speaking of perks, all the brothas in this film were cute (ex. Markiss McFadden as Lennox Team 'Baby Face'). Wow! Lester Speight's character Eddie added much wanted humor, and I laughed at the heart attack line. And I will ALWAYS love the actors who play Sam's parents, Julie White and Kevin Dunn, because I don't think two other actors could be funnier than they are in an action film like this.Overall, good film, but nothing beats the first one.

review/helpfulness: 4/24
review/text: The book is written about an empire in the future. I'm not really sure why Asimov thought that the future galaxy would be ruled by an emporer, which is a dying system of government, instead of a democratic republic. I know this is nit-picking, but I didn't like this book.Apparently, the future can be predicted with a high degree of accuracy using math and statistics. Anyone who works as a mathematician or statistician, as I do, knows that it's difficult to predict what's going to happen in anyone's life tomorrow, much less the entire world 500 to 1000 years into the future using statistics.This book is intellectual worship, which is something I can't stand. Intellectual worship is when people think they are intellecually superior to everyone else, so feel they should rule over everyone else, if only you would listen to them. This idea drips off the page as event after event is predicted by some really smart dude. This smart dude predicted a collapse of civilization and treated it as inevitable. Another idea that's patently absurd- that any event that occurs is inevitable.If this guy was so smart as to predict, with a high degree of accuracy, the downfall of civilization, and the rising of a new one, along with the traumatic events this new civilization would go through, why wasn't he smart enough to avert the downfall of the original civilization. Surely, with his predictive ability people would listen to him, but he decides to let it crumble for whatever reason.And Asimov is a mediocre writer. The story is only moderately interesting because no character really gets developed. I read this book because as a sci-fi fan, I felt obligated.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Charles Pellegrino is a born storyteller - and he's working with one of the most fascinating true stories of history. Who can resist that combination?

review/helpfulness: 5/16
review/text: Great movie. just needed a plot, a script, some acting, some directing, etc. However, seeing those planes fly was nice.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: Had these boots for a while. First thing i noticed the laces started to fall apart.I've never seen a boot sole so sparsely treaded a bit like a tyre on your car less rubber on the road less traction and its going to wear out quicker.Because of the sole when your walking the boot seems to fold on top of your toes very annoying. The inner sole has no arch support and not much spring my feet started to ache after 20 mins walking and lay haven't done that before, had to change them.Seems to run a size to big thats not much of a problem just wore thicker socks.Fine to wear in the middle of winter but in the summer just to hot to wear, even when i put on thinest socks i could fine.They don't seem to breath at all.No tag or loop on the back to help pull them on even my running shoes have them.Buy timberland at least lay are real leather and better soles same price!

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Due to the recently released Doom 3 and the upcoming Everquest 2, I bought this card for my latest computer build.Backed with 1GB PC3200 RAM and an Athlon 64 3200+ processor, this card rips though Doom 3 with all the effects on at 1024x768.THE MOST IMPORTANT THING THE BUYER NEEDS TO KNOW is that you should download and use the OMEGA DRIVERS in place of the Catalyst drivers that ATI gives you with the card (you'll need to search for them on Google, as I don't believe Amazon will allow me to post a direct link). It will save you a LOT of trouble, especially if you're planning on playing games.The Omega Drivers also add a bunch of useful tweaks that can enhance your video card. For example, RadLinker, which you can access by right clicking your desktop, going to properties &#62; settings &#62; advanced &#62; RadLinker, allows you to overclock your card with a simple slide bar. However, this card is functioning too well at it's current speed for me to risk anything/void the warranty, so I've left mine the way it is.

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: A very well writen book, helped many of my friends. Gave lots of good information expecially to woman who havent been through a divorce!

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: IT WAS INTERESTING BUT VERY LENGTHY IN DETAIL. I THOUGHT IT WAS UNNECESSARY TO HAVE ALL OF THE EXTRA STUFF. OVERALL I THOUGHT IT WAS OK.

review/helpfulness: 8/14
review/text: This book has a collection of South American folk tales about witches, etc. It is written very well and can be read without having to reread and comprehend more of the page.

review/helpfulness: 29/30
review/text: I have been using this book since 1988, the eighth printing, and I can honestly say it is the best sourdough cookbook I have seen. The recipe's are easy to follow and the history lessons are entertaining as well. Ms. Allman has written a really fun book and I do mean written. The entire book is hand written ! Truly an Alaskan cookbook.

review/helpfulness: 6/11
review/text: The finest book on Amazon.com! If I could give it 6 stars, I would. Ruby Ann has enlightened me on the finer things of life - how to make a gingerbread trailer for special guest kinda entertainin'; a cigarette butt Christmas tree - no festive Yuletide is complete without one or two in the ol' double-wide; a macaroni picture frame - the perfect gift to show your family and friends that you truly care!As if all this wasn't enough, Ruby Ann delights us with the comings and goings (and occasional gossip) of the denizens of the High Chapparel Trailer Park.Pity there are no trailer parks here in NYC(well, perhaps the Manhattan Plaza qualifies as a high-rise trailer park). People up here need to know the gadzillion uses for cream of mushroom soup and duct tape. I don't know about you; but, I prefer my car on cinder blocks in the front yard and my broken old washin' machine right there on the front porch.Let's just say this is Ruby Ann's homage to the Red States and leave it at that.

review/helpfulness: 2/8
review/text: this book was extremly sad, howerver my attention was not totally captured. the people who wrote these diaries did not seem to know what was going on outside there ghettos, so did not give information about that. It did however say how teens must have felt.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: If you bake pies or tarts you have to get this book. I have never been able to make a pie crust worth eating. Following the step by step directions for her basic pie cust, I made my first (successful) apple pie and received raved reviews!I have tried at least a dozen pie dough recipes and this is by far the easiest and best-tasting. I would have given this book 5 stars if it had more color pictures of the finished product.I'm at the airport posting this review and looking forward to my long flight now that I have this book. Halfway through I simply cannot put it down. [...] Oh, gotta run or I'll miss my flight!. Highly recommend this book.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I must admit I saw this upon its theatrical release late last year and I was pissed off upon walking out the theater at the fact that I spent 7.50 for something I could've waited for on DVD. The action is great for any fan of many explosions, unrealistic fights and over the top car chases(exactly how many times can you shoot a car with automatic weapons and it still drives as if it just came straight off the lot?)...however the acting was poor by practically everyone...nothing convincing at all. I was actually ashamed of screen veteran Robert Patrick's performance....silly punchlines and almost a robotic performance. WWE wrestler John Cena's performance looks as if it was painfully rehearsed one too many times...even the exotic Kelly Carlson's (who had probably every man in the theater wanting her to go to her NipTuck ways of nakedness or sexy lingerie.....sorry fellas no such luck)portayal of Kate Triton(John's fiance) leaves her acting abilities a little less desirable. Even the supporting cast of almost relative unknowns...except for Morgan(Anthony Ray Parker, who many may remember played Dozer in the Matrix) however his bad punchlines, uneven temper and constant "black man plight" rants couldnt give CPR to a movie that began drowning from the opening credits. I can't remember the last time I scored something this low but it had to be done for the sake of the action/adventure genre....1 and a half stars.

review/helpfulness: 6/9
review/text: Of the positive reveiews, they seem to be amazed that someone can define economics. It's not really rocket science, and, in an age of plenty, it's not really about scarcity. It's about individuals making choices to maximize value. They may be bad choices, uniformed choices or perverse choices, but they have, in the final analysis, impact limited to the individual. And in most cases result in some level of increased individual satisfaction.The real danger, according to Hazlitt, is when the choices of a few people, with same kinds of fallacies noted above, are coercive, enforced by government or monopolies. Which leads us to to the negative reviews.The negatives, if we can be allowed to throw out the obvious loser rants, seem to be concerned mainly with rapacious corporations, free trade among inequal countries and natural monopolies. While these are certainly provide distortions of individual choice and informed consent, they do in the long run tend to be self correcting -- see government-sanctioned coal and oil monopolies. The real interest is in how to minimize the effects of these diseconomies.Hazlitt would argue that they are self-correcting via the collective effect of individual choices. The Marxists would argue that action based upon the sceeding of individual choice to a collective power is the solution. Surely, if we can assume there is no absolute, theoretical winner in this debate, we can look to the real world, based upon the actions of multiple forms of government and millions of individuals to provide some guidance on which path leads to the most for the most.To that end, I would challenge you to read Hazlitt's book and a Marxist equivalent like Ivan Ilich's &quot;Tools for Conviviality&quot; and then, accepting both as plausibly complete and material, match them against your experience of recent history and your hopes for your personal future.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: This would be a great book for use in elementary school science classes. It has a wonderful layout, with many beautiful photographs (if insects can be called beautiful). The text, mixed nicely with the pictures, covers basic information on insects as well as various interesting facts.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: In the Fifties Britain produced a number of well made WWII movies that recaptured the valor and victories of British arms. The war was past and the civilian deprivations that had lasted well after the war were going away. It was time to celebrate what Britain had accomplished. The Man Who Never Was is among these movies. It tells the true story of Lt. Cmdr. Ewen Montague (Clifton Webb), a barrister who now is in Naval Intelligence, who has been charged to come up with a scheme that will convince the Germans that the Allies will not mount a major effort to invade Sicily. His solution is named Operation Mincemeat, and involves using a body as a decoy. I won't go into the details because the fun is in seeing just how Montague and his small staff, an aide and a secretary, go about it. But having accomplished their assignment, they are faced with the likelihood that the Germans will try hard to verify what they are being led to believe. The second half of the movie is a tight little drama where Montague has to outwit an Irishman who has become a German agent.Webb is quite effective playing Montague. There's almost none of the prissiness he brought to most of his roles. He's quiet, determined and smarter than many around him. He has a sharp tongue but seldom shows impatience. It's a nice job. Gloria Grahame plays a young woman who provides an important piece of evidence establishing the body's history, and then unknowingly faces the Irish agent.In my view, this is a very watchable film that keeps moving at a good pace. Ronald Neame was an experienced, effective director who knew what he was doing. Two of his best films and well worth watching are The Horse's Mouth and Tunes of Glory.And for those who appreciate a stiff upper lip and immaculate British manners, here are some of those Fifties WWII movies to track down: The Colditz Story, Ice Cold in Alex, The Battle of the River Platte, Ill Met by Moonlight, I Was Monty's Double, Above Us the Waves, The Cruel Sea. I like them all.There are no extras to speak of. The DVD picture looks very good

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: I use this book whenever I entertain or am asked to bring an item to a gathering. Nothing is overly complicated; and every recipe I've tried is exceptional. Some favorites: Chicken Breasts in Ginger Cream; Spinach-wrapped chicken with oriental dip; Guacamole (best recipe I've found), Pork tenderloin in mustard sauce. don't buy this if you've got a weak heart - bring on the heavy cream!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I was very disappointed with the book because it touched on a lot of issues that we as black women deal with, but it never really addressed them. The title is very misleading and to me doesn't even really match with the storyline. I got the impression that maybe as she was finishing the book she got tired and kind didn't really put forth an effort to give the book a meaningful ending. I was very disappointed with the ending and thought it could have been much better. The rest of the storyline jumped around and the plot just didn't make a lot of sense at times - what one thing had to do with another wasn't clear. Like I said, the book touched on a lot of good issues, but provided no good resolution for the characters.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: There are thousands of books available on American History, some with narrow focus, some painting broad pictures. Based on my sampling of these books over the years, I have found that no series has provided a better overall history than the Oxford History of the United States. The only flaw in this series is that it is only being slowly produced, with only five volumes thus far (with around a dozen or so projected).Chronologically, Restless Giant is the last in the series, covering the years 1974 to 2000, or essentially, Watergate to the Bush-Gore election. This is a rough period to write a history of for a couple reasons. For one thing, it is too recent to get any sort of historical perspective; the detachment that time provides is not there (for example, the 2000 election is still the source of debate, with people on one side or the other about who really won). In addition, while this was an eventful era, it lacks that single event that defines it. For example, previous books focused on the Revolution (The Glorious Cause), the Civil War (Battle Cry of Freedom) and the Great Depression and World War II (Freedom from Fear). Only Grand Expectations (also written by James Patterson) is also lacking the single, focusing event in its history of 1945 to 1974.But as Grand Expectations proved, however, Patterson is good at overcoming these issues to write a book that is both informative and entertaining. Restless Giant is similarly high quality. The primary topic is political, and a good portion of the book deals with the various Presidential administrations during these two-and-a-half decades, but Patterson goes further to discuss various social trends.With politics being so important, we see the many conflicts between left and right. Generally, this was an era of conservative ascendancy, starting with the post-Watergate nadir of the G.O.P., Reagan/Bush in the middle of the period, the "Republican Revolution" of the mid-1990s, and, of course, Bush 43's controversial elevation to the top office in 2001. Of course, this is similarly a period of decline for liberalism and the remnants of the New Deal. Is this a good or bad thing? Patterson remains objective enough to provide no real answers; he is critical enough of both right and left to provide ammunition for either side.Of course, in a 400+ page book, there are going to be a lot of things missed, but Patterson catches most of the important things. All in all, this is another top-notch volume in the Oxford series.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: This book is good only for the beginner. It scratches onlythe surface for most of the topics. At times, I thought itwas a work in progress, and for some reason, the author wasin a hurry to get the book published. The diagrams are awfulis many places. The total content of this book could be easilysqueezed into less than 70 pages.Most of the stuff explained here is easily available in theform of articles written for OnJava.com by the author himself.

review/helpfulness: 24/26
review/text: I am very hard on soles and have finally worn these out after two years of hard use. These shoes do it all- look nice, keeps water out, and is the most comfortable I have ever worn. I am looking to get the exact same pair- but hard to find on sale anywhere but since the are so nice, they are worth the price.

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: When a powerful wizzard learns, to his surprise, that he has enemies, he accidentally destroys a kingdom and sets off in search of the one woman who can tell him who his enemies are. His voyage becomes a quest tied up in Ozar plans for world conquest, the world's greatest strangler, and God's eternal battle to rid himself of the Joe heresy forever. In a parallel adventure, an artist joins a revolutionary in a journey to love and the perfect anarchist state. Yet, even this perfect state is threatened by the power of the Ozar rap-sheet, and the wizard seems intent on protecting the power of the powerful rather than on their overthrow.Set in the same universe as Flint's THE PHILSOSOPHICAL STRANGLER, FORWARD THE MAGE combines adventure with humor. The wizard Zulkeh is as unlikely a hero as can be imagined with a combination of pedantic pseudo-scholarly language and abusive behavior. In contrast, the likely hero, artist and mercenary Benvenuti, never really gets into the story, providing a bit of romantic diversion. Still, authors Eric Flint and Richard Roach make it work. MAGE occasionally tries too hard, but often delivers a Terry Pratchet-like belly laugh.Flint and Roach slide a bit of the revolution into their novel, and offer some insights into basic liberties that will create a few grimaces from conservative readers, but they do so with good spirit. Clearly FORWARD THE MAGE has some political messages to deliver, but Flint and Roach manage to deliver them in the context of an amusing adventure.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: I have two other Sony VCRs...but except for two short comings are no better. These two failing occur in the pause and slow modes in which there is too much video noise. All other features work quite well, with the flash rewind a dream. The remote also deserves high marks for its ease of use.Best of all is the picture quality which ranges from very good to excellent... I'd rate it a best buy.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This book is nothing short of phenomenal. The first 50 pages is good, but then this thing takes off like a harpoon shot from a cannon! I could not put it down. Not only is this excruciatingly real tale of suffering and survival rivetting in all its no-holds-barred accounts, but I found the history and information about whaling and Nantucket to be very interesting. Philbrick did a marvelous job of weaving so many accounts of this tragedy into a single, seamless, powerful narrative. Not since John Krackauer's &quot;Into The Wild&quot; have I been so moved by a book.

review/helpfulness: 4/11
review/text: "Flyboys" is amazing. It manages to be a dull movie about a fascinating subject, the Lafayette Escadrille, a dull love story, and a dull movie about Great War dog fighting, which this reviewer did not believe possible.Although the film is trying and makes an effort at historical detail and dramatic content it falls flat. The viewer doesn't get chance to know any of the characters ably played by some new faces as well as the venerable Jean Reno. (Reno must have a bell that rings in his agent's office every time an American script calls for a French character.) But no amount of acting can pull this lack luster script from the trenches of tedium.The missing piece in "Flyboys," other than the absence of Von Richthofen, is the near complete lack of any actual aerial photography. "Top Gun" is a mediocre film at best but has phenomenal aerial photography which is exciting and engaging. In "Flyboys" we have only CGI which is sterile. The performers don't have close ups of their faces against sub-zero wind (for which they are woefully underdressed) which detracts from the danger and excitement of a film about Great War pilots. It is obvious they are against a green screen in Vancouver. If "Flyboys" had gone the extra mile and had at least one dog fight done for "real" it would have saved the film. Granted, there aren't may flying bi and tri planes in the world but if massive trebuchets can be built for "Kingdom of Heaven," and Fort William Henry can be rebuilt for "Last of the Mohicans," and fiberglass tanks can be built for "A Bridge Too Far," and a working Tiger can be found for "Saving Pvt. Ryan," then I'm sure the producers of this film could have found a way to bring some excitement to "Flyboys."However "Flyboys" will be a boon to sleep researchers who now have a new way to put test subjects to sleep without the side effects of narcotics or entertainment value

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: This a great book for baseball fans . sportslovers of all kinds and anyone interested in American history in the 20th century. Babe Ruth the icon is made human again for all of us who missed him when he played the game. The first sports celebrity in a nation that has gone on to become obsessed with celebrity and sports heroes. Babe paved the way in an era that saw tremendous change in American life. He is portrayed here &quot; warts and all&quot; and emerges as a warm hearted man with a huge appetite for living who was clearly in the right place at the right time.This is one of the finest sports biographies I've read.

review/helpfulness: 0/6
review/text: I was disappointed.My wife, who is the big stargate fan, was also. She watched it a second time and said she was glad she bought it ... after being really disappointed on the first viewing.If this were the only stargate show, I would not have any desire to watch another.My wife and I had settled down to watch good entertainment and I really was not at all happy with what I saw. It seemed confusing to me how they were pulling elements from different times and trying to put them under a single time.Anyway, glad to give my opinion for what it is worth.Save your money for something that is worth watching.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Very few directors come along that match the genius of Roman Polanski. I haven't much to say regarding this film, the plot is simple and does more than justice to Ira Levin's novella. John Cassavates and Mia Farrow are superb in this soul wrenching film that, unlike many horror movies, doens't scare you from it's bloody murder, but rather, it's psychogical trickery. Pay attention and listen carefully when watching this film for subtle hints and clues to the truth, they are easy to miss. A wholesome, psychological, subtle, mind boggling, horrificly frightening movie that was decades ahead of its time. FLAWLESS acting, stylistic subtle camera usage and score. Rosemary's Baby is BY FAR,unrivaled as the Horror Movie of ALL Horror Movies. Enjoy this one.

review/helpfulness: 24/28
review/text: Despite the clever packaging, this CD was NOT produced by the folks behind &quot;O Brother Where Art Thou?&quot;As it claims, this CD does contain original recordings of many of the songs on the &quot;O Brother&quot; soundtrack. If you're looking for the genuine article, this is it.However, as is common with recordings this old, many of the originals were made by semi-professionals with primitive recording technology. As a result, these &quot;originals&quot; do not have the clarity, the warmth, or the production values of the masterful performances on &quot;O Brother&quot; and the companion live album &quot;Down from the Mountain.&quot; If you're looking for music that sounds like those two albums, try Gillian Welch's &quot;Revival&quot; instead.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: If you're looking for a video to workout along with, this is probably not going to be what you're looking for. If you're looking to learn a few moves, you might pick up a few. Atea is extremely stiff through the entire video, and sometimes looks unbalanced. You can't see hers or the dancers' legs much of the time sometimes due to camera angles, mostly due to costuming, so you're not always sure you're executing the move correctly if you don't already know what you're doing. At the end of every section Atea and the other 2 dancers behind her simply &quot;improv&quot; a little dance using the moves taught. You can't see what everyone is doing through the &quot;improv&quot; sections so it's not like you could pick one dancer and imitate her, so you will have to do your own thing, fast forward through it, or improv yourself. I don't think most beginners want to make things up as they go along after only 5 minutes of being shown 3 moves. The section on veil work doesn't tell you much of anything at all, it just shows you different women dancing and spinning. For a beginner who doesn't know how to execute a turn without making herself dizzy, following what the dancers do could wind up with a really nice concussion, but not much learning.Out of 10 videos in my bellydance library, this one is the absolute worst. I recommend anyone else's over this.

review/helpfulness: 12/15
review/text: Well, I finally got the chance to see the movie which won Isabelle Huppert Best Actress at Cannes, the movie which David Lame and his not so merry band of God Botherers tried to stop from being screened in NZ (without them having seen it). Lo, they have turned this movie into a decent sized hit as a result. THE PIANO TEACHER is actually the best SPCS publicized movie I've seen to date. Brilliantly directed by Michael Heneke, who scripted from Elfiede Jelinek's novel.Huppert plays Professor Erika Kohut; a cold, brutal, seemingly prudent piano teacher at a prestious music academy. But behind her icy facade lies an obsession with pornography and sadomasochistic sex. When a gifted young piano student (Benoit Magimel) comes under Erika's tutelage, he doesn't play to her impossibly high standards and as a result bears the brunt of her wrath but he soon finds himself falling in love with the professor who just seems to enjoy playing mind games with him. Though unknown to him Erika is gradually losing control under the influence of her domineering mother.THE PIANO TEACHER is exceptionally well photographed with a complex structure and a brilliant perfomance from Huppert (In fact you easily forget she IS just an actress playing a part).There are some rather grim scenes including plenty of S&M;, a funny drive-in theatre peeing scene and Erika putting broken glass in a girls coat pocket. I'm not sure if this will get a DVD release in NZ, but it deserves to. THE PIANO TEACHER is a masterwork that commands a wide audience, and it was probably only because of its content that it was overlooked by the Academy. One of the best movies I've seen recently.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: &quot;Jim the Boy&quot; was an alright read however I think that I was expecting something written more for adults and I felt this book was geared towards adolescents over adult readers. It is a really good story-line, however, didn't really make my brain work too much while reading it. What I really liked about the book was the simplistic lifestyle that was described, somewhat similar to that of my late grandfather. So, that was a nice little fictional peak into what it was like for my grandfather growing up in that time period.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I bought this unit recently as i wanted a personal media player with good facilities and a large storage capacity (I bought the 8GB model). The unit looks lovely, has a very nice user interface, and excellent sound and picture quality.I bought an 8GB micro SD HC card to increase the total storage to 16GB.Here's the catch. The firmware in the unit is buggy; this makes the player unreliable and very annoying to use.After doing a full charge (12 hours), I loaded up the player from WMP11 in MTP sync mode - this requires you to sync to 2 separate devices: internal memory and external card. Once I had completed the upload, which took several hours, I removed the USB cable and the player rebooted.Ever since then, it has intermittently refused to power up. Sometimes when you switch it on, after displaying the Sansa splash screen for a few seconds, it simply switches itself off, freezes or crashes. On other occasions it gets stuck, saying 'refreshing database'. This occurs about 50% of the time, even after a full charge cycle. It seems to be worse if you have left it switched off for over 24 hours.I downloaded the Sansa firmware updater and installed the latest firmware update (01.03.02A) but this has not fixed the problem. I have to say I am frustrated by these bugs which spoil an otherwise fine product. I am consequently returning this product to Amazon, and will continue to look elsewhere for a personal media player.

review/helpfulness: 2/12
review/text: I bought this movie because I heard and read good things about it. Maybe these reviews were all written in the 60s who knows. Personally, this movie is overrated and the ending is just awful. I gave 2 stars for the simple reason that Mia Farrow is stunning.

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: I have always been a big fan of those 80's soap operas. This book is an 80's soap in print. So I really liked this book with it's mellodrama.

review/helpfulness: 9/11
review/text: What a great book! I recommend this book to anyone wishing to learn reality based economics. The book's arguments for free-markets are simple, powerful and irrefutable. You do not need a PhD in economics to understand this book and armed with it you could straighten many a PhD out. This book is equally valuable for a teenager just starting in economics or someone well read in the subject.Hell, I might buy it again.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: This is an interesting read and reflects the perspective of the author in its title, &#34;Economics in One Lesson . . . &#34;

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Recently, I picked up a copy of the first book in Issac Asimov's Foundation series, for which this review is written. I will not spoil the book in this review as some others have done.The theme was quite interesting. Essentially, one man somewhat manipulates humanity into protecting its knowledge and creative abilities by setting them apart from the &quot;masses&quot;, so that they can weather the coming dark ages. The great joke of this book is that Asimov almost makes it seem as if history is pushed forward by the &quot;masses&quot; themselves but in reality, his apparent humanism and rationality comes through as he shows that it is always the &quot;individual&quot; who in the end can save or destroy humanity.If you are a man (or woman) who cares about how ideas move history, if you believe in the sanctity of the individual, if you love life, then this is a book for you.Asimov is a man of reason and he shows it well throughout this first, in what I hope to be an excellent sci-fi series. Often times, contemporary authors infuse their lack of values into their books and characters, making one wonder who one should be rooting for. Asimov paints a clear picture of the values within man that make him worthy of praise (or not) - reason, justice and a love of life.This book can proudly stand side by side with Ayn Rand's Anthem and Orwell's 1984 as a warning to society about the dangers of the &quot;irrational&quot; in all its glorious forms.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I loved the story. The only problem I found with the audio CD version was that the reader's voice was very high pitched and I had to turn the trebble completely off to keep it from hurting my ears.

review/helpfulness: 26/26
review/text: Finally, someone writes a comprehensive explanation of the problems compulsive overeaters face. Thanks to this book, I get it now, after reading about it for YEARS! There is a lot of work to do... and Dr. Wilbert makes you understand that the issues you face are real and buried deep within the psyche. The only magic bullet is patience and persistence. The Wilberts guide you through the work... give you direction, but the solutions are up to you to find. Believe me, this takes plenty of work, unearthing all these issues. If you have this problem, buy this book. You do the work, you get the results!

review/helpfulness: 5/9
review/text: I have never given less than 4 star review anywhere but I feel that this product needs a disclaimer. The lower rating in this case is because this is NOT a HALTI yet it is the first thing that shows up with you search for a HALTI collar on Amazon.com. For someone who doesn't know the difference, they will likely end up with this product. This collar is significantly different from a Halti. It's also easy for this collar to be used in a way that is very uncomfortable for a dog. We bought two and got to our training class only to be told that we had the wrong product. We were also told by the trainer that it an unacceptable tool for training a dog when a Halti is required. It fits differently and functions differently. When she took this product off the dog and replaced it with a real Halti, the dog behaved totally differently (in a positive way). I'm guessing that many have found this to be a worthwhile product. I'm grateful that I was shown the difference, thanks to the trainer. I'm grateful too that she pointed out how easy it is for this product to be used in a way that is extremely uncomfortable for the dog. If you find your dog trying to get this thing off, that could be why. I'm happy that we are now using a real Halti. I'm sharing this as a heads up to others so they can make an informed decision. Had there been a clear disclaimer, I would not feel the need to write this.

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: Cake stand is so impressive-lovely to display any type of pastry,or cake. Domed lid is high and very functional-tall enough to cover a large cake or large amount of pastry. It is versitile in the way that you can reverse the bottom and top to create a beautiful punch bowl or serving bowl for a bowl-type dessert. As a matter of fact, I was so impressed the day it came in I re-ordered 2 more-one for my mother and 1 for my aunt!! Until now we had never seen a square pedestal &amp; dome! You will not be dissapointed with this piece.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Please don't be duped by the ad hominem arguments of the negative reviews against the person of John Douglas. They tell you NOTHING about this book. Read it and make up your own mind. Seriously, the "disagreements" (they don't even rise to the dignity of being called disagreements but I have to call them something) are based on prejudiced condemnations of Jonbenet's parents. Their arguments are inductive conspiracy-like nonsense that want answers where there are none. They claim Douglas is arrogant. Defending one's self is not arrogant but even if it were, so what? One can be arrogant and right at the same time. Also arrogance is an inflated view of one's self, read the book, his estimations of his own abilities are backed up by facts and an overall authoritative countenance. I bought this book not caring at all about the Jonbenet Ramsey case, I knew only a little more about John Douglas having read "Mindhunter" and enjoyed it. His arguments absolving Jon Ramsey are practically air tight and his defense of Patsy leaves his (Douglas's) opponents looking very foolish. He even starts the chapter defending himself against the ridiculous claims that you can read right here on Amazon; read the eight lame one star reviews that are currently on here and try not to laugh.The reason why I picked the book up was for the Jack the Ripper case thinking that applying criminal psychological profiling could be an interesting approach. I have never burned through a book faster. I mention in my reviews frequently that I have ADD and dyslexia and I don't want to keep beating that drum but it means a lot to me to read a book that keeps my attention. I have a friend at work who never reads and when I let him read it he could not put it down either. Truly a gratifying experience to read this. His conclusions are responsible, he will say when profiling does not give answers and in the case of the Zodiac he deliberately withholds the name of his primary suspect for just that reason. If you are familiar with these cases already you probably can go to a book store and skim this because he assumes you don't know everything about the cases so seasoned veterans of the subject have some things to gain but may be bored with his historical approach. His conclusion on Jack the Ripper is very compelling and is just part of a really well written book. I envy you if you know little about these cases and this is your introduction you are in for a Hell of a ride. Very, very good read, enjoy!

review/helpfulness: 6/23
review/text: I hate to disagree with so many people who love this CD, but I find very little to like about it. I found the ballads weepy, the upbeat songs cliched, and the singing/musicianship professional but uninspiring. To give you an idea of my tastes, my favorites are Nashville Bluegrass Band &quot;American Beauty&quot;, Steve Earl/Del McCrory Band &quot;The Mountain&quot;, Ricky Skaggs/Kentucky Thunder &quot;Bluegrass Rules&quot;. In my opinion, &quot;The Grass is Blue&quot; does not approach the artistic standards of these and many other current CD's. Once again, no offense is intended to the many people who are so fond of this CD. The bottom line: I plan on making the day of somebody who wants to own this CD by selling my copy to a used CD store.

review/helpfulness: 1/19
review/text: As soon as the DVD was available it was shipped and arrived in great shape. The Blue-ray version of this classic is clearly a better picture, but I was sorely disappointed in the FULL screen format. My older version, even though not blue-ray is a better field of view, pan-scan I think, but closer to widescreen. I must have missed the Screen size on my per-order of this movie.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: I've look at a half dozen other knot books over the years, and this is the best one I've seen. Very clear photos of the tying procedures, along with the use of differently colored ropes when more than two ropes are being used, and nice, glossy paper so the photos look great, make this a very visually appealing knot book to just browse, or to seriously learn from. Also the author includes some interesting history when that is known. For example, the prusik knot, now used in mountain climbing, was originally invented by a Dr. Prusik, an Austrian music professor, before World War I for tying broken musical strings together.The book covers 200 different knots. There are knots for every practical need, as well as mainly aesthetic ones such as the "lucky knot" or four-leaf clover knot, which could be used for a keychain bob.For a knot enthusiast, Budworth has an interesting bio. He's appeared on TV and radio, was president of the International Knot Guild, which he founded, and is a consultant on forensic matters relating to knots in Great Britain. Overall, an attractive and well done book on an obscure but interesting craft and specialty.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This tea set and its box are top-of-the-line. The only thing that almost brought it to four stars was that the decoration in the center of the top of the box was not oriented correctly, being turned, noticibly, to one side. I hope this is not endemic. Other than that, it is the type of tea set that is normally offered at seminars and meetings in 4-5 star hotels but a bit more decorative. I am proud to display this box and its selections of teas for my guests in my home.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I was surprised that my theater actually got this movie today. It doesn't seem to be getting much play around the country and will likely hit DVD before most people can witness this strange little gem. I read some really positive reviews from critics and movie watchers alike, so I figured I would give it a shot. I haven't been a fan of Nicolas Cage for a long time, mainly because he seems to be taking every bad movie and turning in a subpar performance. Now that we know he has money problems in real life, it at least makes sense now. I'm happy to say the he is back in top form here. His character is as bad as Denzel Washington's in Training Day and he is played in the same over the top way, without seeming to be unbelievable. He has a hunched back and carries his .44 magnum in the front of his pants wherever he goes. Most of the characters in Bad Lieutenant are predictable scum, but Cage throws so much into this performance that you really have no clue what's going to happen from one scene to the next. He is at his crazy best here and reminded me that few people can play weird as well as this man. Eva Mendes is looking pretty good here and her acting is decent, but her role doesn't amount to much other than a slight bright spot for Cage's loose cannon. Val Kilmer shows up and is quite good, but he is barely in the movie. Maybe five minutes tops.On the negative side, this film is very dark and often mean, but thankfully some humor forces it's way through in some of these scenes. There are also some bizarre visuals, such as a point of view shot from an alligator and another from a couple of iguanas for no reason at all. A few scenes also linger on a bit to long and the pacing slows at times, but I was sucked into this corrupt man's life and couldn't keep my eyes off the screen. Welcome back Mr. Nicolas Cage of old and don't go anywhere this time around.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: This is a very powerful book dealing with a subject that is very controversial -- but true. There are few resources available on the subject of ritual abuse and spirituality. This book addresses both in a very sensitive and insightful way.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I first heard M.I.A. in a recreation hall on my University's campus on a mixer with a great sound system (filled the entire downstairs and upstairs with sweet vibes). I agree with most of the points on other positive reviews: this has great beats, lyrics, vocals, and the likes.There is one thing you should keep in mind before buying or judging this album: it almost REQUIRES a good sound system because the music feeds off the bass. Like many "dance" genres, bass is a heavy component in making the tracks work, and this is no exception. The vocal are great, but have difficulty standing alone without heavy bass. Thus, if you're like me with two simple speakers and a default sound card, you might want to reconsider buying the album or risk slight disappointment.For me, it was a very upsetting difference, because I know what the songs COULD be. I would recommend high quality speakers/sound card and a woofer, or else you're missing out--big time.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I concur with my fellow reviewers that say this book is a delight. As a Days fan, I -- like many -- first noticed Jed's work as Don Craig and I've followed him through the years to Port Charles and on GH today. I never knew of his earlier work in the theater and about his family life. I found his attention to detail captivating! One of the more interesting points was that he starred opposite Frances Reid (as Hecuba nonetheless!) in his early days. Thank you Jed for sharing this with us!

review/helpfulness: 7/25
review/text: Music and politics don't mix, just like church and state don't mix. Lighten up Nick, this is music, not a political attack. I love the concept of this album, although I haven't heard it yet, like Nick, but I will someday real soon.To other readers disturbed by Nick's review - check out his other reviews, he doesn't favor too many things. And the stuff he does like, pop band Pilot - now there's a band on the cutting edge that I'm going to rush out and buy! I actually have a Pilot vinyl recording from long ago, I didn't know they ranked to be put on CD.As of March 14, I have listened to this disc - and it is very good. One of Mr. Cooders best. Dense, deep, diversified, devilish, didactic, and dedicated to the working man, the downtrodden, the disillusioned, the disenfranchised - stuck on "d" words today. Anyhow, any recording with this much of Mike Seeger contributing has got to be one thing - DeLuxe!

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: The book got to me fast with not a dent on it. I am really happy with the quality of the book and the handling of it.

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: "When do Fish Sleep" is a book of "Imponderables" (a term invented by the author meaning a question that cannot be answered by conventional means of reference books, calculations, or tangible means such as measuring). An example of an imponderable is "Why don't birds tip over when they sleep on a telephone wire?" or the like the title, "When do fish sleep?"As with any book that covers a myriad of information, there are fascinating parts and there are parts that seem to drag on. I felt some of the imponderables in the book seemed a little elementary, such as "Why is one side of a halibut dark and the other side light?" (the dark side is for camouflage and the light side is down so it does not need to be camouflaged), "What is the purpose of corn silk?" (for pollination), and "Why are bowling shoes ugly?" (so people don't steal them). Other questions were fascinating such as "Why do roaches always die on their backs?" (this is not always true, but it has a lot to do with the shape of the roach) and "Why do recipes warn us not to use fresh kiwi or pineapple in gelatin?" (the fruits contain an enzyme that break protein down). The book even has a section of "Frustables", questions where readers have mailed in theories or questions that do not yet have an answer. The author even provides a way to contact them to answer frustables or to propose new imponderables.As a geek that likes to learn, even useless information, I enjoyed the book. However, the book had no format. I felt the book could have benefited from a table of contents or have the questions divided into related sections instead of aimlessly wander from topic to topic in the book.If you have a friend who sits and reads the cards from a "Trivial Pursuit" game, this is definitely a book for them. I'd recommend the book for people whose joy in life is the pursuit of knowledge or a teenager/young adult that is curious about the world around them. The book is not really a thrilling read, so I wouldn't necessarily recommend it to a person who is looking for an interesting read.While I think the content of the book was worth a solid 4 stars, I found the lack of structure in the book distracting enough to deduct a star.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: But sometimes it seems that way and for New York lawyer Ron Sinzheimer, on October 9, 1998, it was beyond dangerous, it was deadly. There aren't any more General Aviation accidents here than other parts of the country and there's nothing particularly stunning about this one so there's little reason to remember it. A man and the family dog in a single engine Grumman Traveler flying into the Cape to link up with his wife and son at their vacation home. Because I remember this accident, live nearby in Brewster, and it speaks to something of keen interest to me, my perception of the book may be quite colored and thus this &quot;five-star&quot; review. Nevertheless Phaedra Hise has written a compelling story that will be of interest to a much broader audience than GA pilots and people who live on the Cape.The challenges associated with flying to and from the Cape are all to do with weather, specifically fog and haze. That means &quot;instrument flight rules&quot; and talking about flying as different from &quot;visual flight rules&quot; as night is from day. Besides the personal tragedy to the Sinzheimer family, the thrust of Hise's book is that once a pilot has lost visual reference to the horizon things very quickly begin to unwind. It takes a sharp pilot to sort out the conflict between what his senses say - &quot;i'm turning&quot; - and what the instruments read - wings are level. PILOT ERROR is too innocuous a description for the multitude of things (mostly bad) that are taking place in such situations. Sometimes the various instruments seem to be contradicting each other and you must fight the panic that comes when your mind screams that it needs a visual reference in order to understand.Hise could have used a famous case that everyone would have remembered in order to get across her message that instrument flight rules are a critical skill for any GA pilot. The struggle with understanding what his instruments were telling him was the same for John F Kennedy Jr when he was flying through haze on the way to Martha's Vineyard in 1999. Using his flight would have meant focusing on him rather than where the real story is - five small instrument dials, that GA pilots must be absolutely familiar with - lest we become an accident statistic or the subject of a powerfully descriptive and very well written book.

review/helpfulness: 8/11
review/text: One of the film's most adult moments with Jessica Rabbit has been cut up and out by Eisner's Disney in the battle to make empty uncontroversial familial fluff. It was a shocking scene and made you take the film more seriously... not anymore. I could see them taking it out of the kid's version if they mentioned it, but the Enthusiast's disc being edited? Thanks a lot Disney. Learn not to play with scissors... or history.I appreciate getting FULL and WIDE screen in one package. They should have given all of the deleted scenes in this, and brought back the original frames and full scenes, like customers expect. It's been like this since the VHS release...Extras should not have been crammed onto one disc.Anyway, beyond that, this is a Great DVD with fine extras. You may want to wait for a better edition with all deleted scenes...

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I found ransom a great read.Interesting from the first page to the last. It has both a story line and romance. A must read for all Garwood fans.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This is a book by Gerald Heard. Catchy title, no?The book starts off rather well. It proposes that man must make the next step in evolution - mental/expanded consciousness - or degenerate or destroy himself. Note that Heard wrote this around the start of WWII.The pain and sex in the title has to do with excess energy present for doing this next step that we are failing at doing, hence problems with these. The time part is that it is an illusion - not much done with this that I noticed. He seems to say that when we are intellectually occupied, we are less worried about sex, have less sensitivity to pain and are not as aware of time - he may be on to something here.Heard then reviews history (including evolutionary history of life) to shown that his points have merit. There are some interesting items here.Things get a little sketchy and hard to follow near the end - even his sentence structure gets hard to follow - when he starts talking about how to achieve the next step. His method is hard to explain, but it based on explicit effort in special communities. Apparently, he even attempted to found one in California in the 1940's which did not catch on - this is not to say that his ideas were wrong.Heard was a rather interesting character - see the biographical information in the book. He was friends with Huxley and involved in the Vedanta Society. Meditation was very important to him in later life.Worth a read, but be prepared to trudge through some rough spots, especially towards the end. The summary at the very end is fairly informative about the book as a whole.I had very high hopes when I started it, but kind of lost them in many respects as I finished it.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: The problem I see with people debating the merits of this game generally revolve around motivation. If your sole motive is to use this game just to play chess, you will only get a fraction of the value out of it and might even be disappointed with it. The multiplayer function, offline, requires two people to pass the controller back and forth. While this is not a problem with me, some tend to consider it a hindrance. There are not many people that play online, so the "live" feature lacks attractiveness. This leaves you basically with just a chess game that you are able to play on the xbox, but not much else. If you play the game in this fashion, you are really only getting a superficial taste of what this game really has to offer.If you, on the other hand, are a player that would like to develop his/her game significantly, then you will marvel at the extensive, nay, nearly overwhelming, tutorial features Chessmaster has to offer. This tutorial section, I believe, is the heart of the Chessmaster game. There is an "academy" taught by Josh Waitzkin himself. It is broken into sections covering the basics of movement, strategy, tactics, psychology, and endgame strategy. To show examples of each section, he annotates an incredible amount of games he played that reinforce the principles he is teaching. I have had this game for a week going through the academy and have not gotten through half of it. This academy is only a fraction of the tutorial section though. There are also the tutorials from previous Chessmaster installments, drills, and an infinite number(literally) of one move puzzles.There is so much depth to this Chessmaster game that I feel I have not really done it justice in the review. The Josh Waitzkin academy is worth the $20 dollars alone. If you are striving to become a better chess player and looking for some direction, I couldn't give this game a higher recommendation.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Midworld (1975) by Alan Dean Foster - 179 pages - rating: 8.5/10One of Alan Dean Foster's earliest and most enjoyable novels.Compelling , straightforward and exciting. You will find yourself immersed both in the jungle world of the plot as well as in the story itself.Claus Kellermann2006 March 4Sci_Fi_Researcher@yahoo.com

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: A lot of readers seem to miss the point of this novel (especially the people who gave it 1 star, that's just weak). It's not about Orwell guessing what the world would be like in 1984 or really even a poke at communism. Orwell presents an exaggerated and seemingly impossible not-so-distant future to the reader and supports it magnificently with parallelisms to religion and ideology. He addresses whether freedom of the mind is intrinsic to the human conscience and whether or not free thought is necessary for human happiness. It also questions what is real or true. Does 2+2=5? If you believe it and everyone else believes it, than why in the hell wouldn't it be so. The novel left me more afraid of the masses and the susceptibility of the human mind than the government. The people can take back control at the drop of a hat and they are the ones who allow it to get out of control in the first place.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: I purchased this book and attempted to use it as a resource for a trip to Cambodia in July 1999. The only current information in the entire country section was that Pol Pot has died. Cambodia is a fascinating place to visit...Too much has changed for this book to be of any use

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I've read and reviewed the three previous books in Jay Beale's Open Source Security Series -- Snort 2.1, Nessus Network Auditing, and Ethereal Packet Sniffing. I liked all three of those books, and I'm glad to say that this fourth book -- Nessus, Snort, and Ethereal Power Tools (NSAEPT), is a worthy continuation of Jay's series. NSAEPT is a unique resource for anyone who wants to extend Nessus, Snort, and Ethereal. The book could save programmers hours of work, and it should be the first step for those looking to contribute to the development of all three projects.It's unfortunate that an uninformed three star review has been the only commentary on NSAEPT until now. Of course the book is not for beginners! Why write another introductory book, when the three earlier titles serve that role (and more)? NSAEPT is strong precisely because it starts where the other three books end.I learned quite a bit reading NSAEPT. For example, Part I shared advice on using Nessus to audit hosts directly, by examining Windows registry keys, package databases, or Windows PE files (.exe, .dll) directly. I appreciated the discussion of creating NASL checks that were more protocol-aware (for MySQL) or that could speak NTLM authentication to IIS Web servers. Ch 6 even gave tips on building NASL generators.Part II, covering Snort, gave better advice on writing Snort rules than what was found in the earlier Snort 2.1 book. I thought this part was the weakest of the three, however. I would have liked to have seen many more examples of using advanced Snort rule options. Table 8.10 should have said that the + flag means "match on the specified flags, and allow any other flags." Also, I thought the author miscommunicated the purpose of the stream4 preprocessor when he mentioned dropping UDP and ICMP traffic. That's an issue when running inline, not passively as most people use Snort.I really liked Part III, which examined Ethereal. Ch 11 offered great guidance on reverse engineering an unknown trace format, namely iptrace from AIX 3. Ch 12 mentioned an undocumented tethereal flag (-G) that was new to me. I enjoyed learning about tap modules in Ch 13, and I did not know that Ethereal uses the wiretap library to read traces -- not libpcap.I subtracted one star from my review for a few reasons. First, NSAEPT features some really annoying formatting problems in many of the code listings. Every place the characters "FI" (any case) appear, they are changed into a single nonsensical character. I stopped counting the number of times this happened. For example, where one should read "Filename", we see instead "Xlename". The same seems to have happened with "FL"; e.g., "Flags" becomes "Xags". The reference to libpcap and "Chapter 1" on p 159 should instead point to Ch 11. I thought the inclusion of material from Brian Wotring's Host Integrity Monitoring book as Appendix A was unnecessary. Brian's book is great, but I don't think readers need 30 pages from another title. Is that just padding?Format-wise, NSAEPT features smaller fonts than one sees in more recent Syngress books. I thought the font was a little small, but in some ways an improvement over the jumbo text seen elsewhere. I also thought the paper used to print NSAEPT was much better than other titles. Compare NSAEPT with another 440 page Syngress book, Securing IM and P2P Applications for the Enterprise, and you'll see the latter book is much thicker.Overall I recommend NSAEPT to anyone who wishes to do more with Nessus, Snort, or Ethereal. NSAEPT is definitely a book for power users and developers. It's great to see a new book that starts with original material and avoids rehashing what's already been written.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Picked up my Tachikoma from AX '06. To address some questions: Arms and legs do not have a wire frame inside so it will not hold a pose. Eyes do not turn. Tightly stuffed so it will hold its shape. Go ahead and order it, it's too fun not to own.

review/helpfulness: 8/11
review/text: I used this product a couple of times and was not really impressed. To get good results I guess you would have to use it in a specific area for a good length of time, otherwise not much good.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Wonderful, thoughtfully written explanation of the Holy Spirit and how He can be, wants to be a part of our lives. Just what you would expect from Dr. Graham. I sent one to my Baptist deacon father and he asked for 3 more copies for friends.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I bought this camera for the ultra wide lens and have been amazed at the coverage it provides and the good quality pictures. The distortation expected by a lens of this width is very low and seems to be well compensated for by the on camera firmware. The display is nice and clear and bright, although in bright sun can be somewhat difficult to see. The inbuilt panaroma feature is amazing and provides great results. I also like the ease of which the exposure can be corrected up or down in 1/3 stop increments and the results seen right on the screen. An unexpected feature is the closeness to an object in macro mode especially using the 24mm lense. I have not seen better macro features on any camera I have previously owned. Things that slightly irritate are the ease in which your finger(s) gets in the way of the small flash unit thus reducing the light output. Also the lack of an optical viewfinder instead of the widescreen display is sometimes irritating as holding the camera in a viewable position increases instability although the antiblur feature generally is spot on. I thorougly enjoy this little gem.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: When I read Into The Wilderness last year, it ended up being one of the top ten books I had read in 2002. Naturally, I was really looking forward to this second book in the series to continue where I left off with Nathaniel and Elizabeth.In addition to loving the relationship between these two characters, I was also drawn to the setting of Hidden Wolf Mountain at the edge of the New York wilderness. Sometimes I wonder why an author chooses to change the setting of a book when that locale was obviously so successful in the first place. In Dawn on a Distant Shore, Sare Donati forces the reader to accompany the main characters first to Montreal and then on a ship across the ocean to Scotland. This took away from my enjoyment of the book. If I wanted to be in Scotland, I'd be reading Gabaldon's Outlander series and not this one.With all that said, the main crux of this story is for Donati to get across to the reader how persecuted Catholics were in Scotland in the late eighteenth century and how important it was for them to keep their lands away from the Protestants. To this end, she has Nathaniel finding out that his father, Hawkeye, is a descendant of the Scott's of Carryckcastle in Scotland and the Earl of Carryck is very eager to have Hawkeye come to Scotland to claim his line in the family tree. In doing so, the lands of Carryck would pass on to Hawkeye's son Nathaniel upon the death of the Earl and would consequently remain in the hands of the family....Catholic hands. Needless to say, Hawkeye and Nathaniel have no desire to reside in Scotland so the Earl has no choice but to kidnap Nathaniel's children forcing him to come to Scotland to be reunited with his family. Have I bored you enough yet???A major part of this story takes place on various ships getting to and from Scotland. Ever since I read Moby Dick, there's nothing I like less than reading about ocean voyages. The other major section of this book takes place in Scotland and I like that even less because you have to try to decipher the Scottish accent when reading. Instead of having a cast of characters and some maps at the beginning of the book, I'd much rather have a dictionary explaining what some of the Scottish words mean. It took me forever to figure out that "ken" means know, "na" means not and "tae" means to.The good news is that the next book in this series, Lake In The Clouds, actually has Nathaniel and Elizabeth back on the land they know and love. It also brings back many of the characters Donati's readers enjoyed in her first book, Into The Wilderness. Based on this, I look forward to this next adventure and only hope that Donati has no plans to return her characters to Scotland...they don't want to go there and neither do I with this series.

review/helpfulness: 1/8
review/text: This is an excellent guide for the freshwater fisherman. Not only is the content helpful, the pictures are beautiful. A great Christmas gift idea for any fisherman/woman.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: It is hard nowadays to find recordings of Ronald Stevenson's music, but fortunately this cd gives us his most important work. John Ogdon recorded this work (I bet it never made it to the states!) which should also be restored to the catalog as well as Stevenson's other recording of this plus other pieces which he and other artist has recorded. This is Marc-Andre Hamelin type stuff, a 80 minute single movement piece (not as long as Maw's Odyssey for orchestra, but close). However, Raymond Clarke proves to be a formidable talent. I hope that there will be more recordings to come of his playing, but this disc is now 5 years old (I really am sorry I missed it back then) and as far as I know, he has not issued any other recordings. If you are a Shostakovich fan, you probably would think that the composer himself used the theme in all its permutations. However, Stevenson goes farther in assuming the themes many moods by many transformations. Much virtuosity is needed as well as extreme sensitivity and Clarke succeeds with aplomb. The only reservation is the clausterphobic sound quality. I got used to it and what is more important, the music carried me away which is really what a recording is about.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I remember the coverage of these awful events when they happened, but had forgotten or wasn't aware of a lot of the details and/or false reporting by the media. This book is enthralling for many reasons- it's amazing what people will do while under the influence of someone else and even more amazing how religion is usually twisted into everything, whether good or bad. Shows how easily fairly intelligent people can be brainwashed into thinking and doing things most would never consider. Fascinating, appalling, and unbelieveable all rolled into one.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This is the second of the three novels in the original "Foundation Trilogy", which was published in 1952 by Gnome Press. An edited version of it was published by Ace Books in the 1950s under the title "The Man Who Upset The Universe". It consists of two sections which are taken from shorter fiction that was published in "Astounding Science Fiction" in the 1940s. While better than the first novel in the series, there are still some weaknesses as a result of age. Asimov himself wrote in 1982 that the knowledge of astronomy at that time was "primitive" and that he could now take advantage of electronic computers in his stories, which hadn't been invented until he was halfway through the series in the 40s.The two sections of "Foundation And Empire" are:"The General" - In this story, the Foundation is attacked by what is left of the Empire. The Empire, though much weaker than it once was, is still stronger than the Foundation. This was first published as the novelette "Dead Hand" in the April 1945 edition of "Astounding Science Fiction"."The Mule" - Perhaps the best of the Foundation stories; in this one the Seldon plan is destroyed by its inability to predict a singular event. The Foundation is threatened by a person known only as The Mule. He is mysteriously able to defeat more powerful forces, with inferior forces. This was first published as the novella "The Mule" in "Astounding Science Fiction" in November and December of 1945.The trilogy has been recognized by readers and critics alike over the years. In 1952, it was rated as the 15th best book overall by the Astounding/Analog All-Time Poll. It moved up to 12th on the same poll in 1956, and then to 1st in 1966. In 1975 it was ranked 6th on the Locus poll for All-Time Novels. In 1987 it was 6th on the same poll for SF Novels. In 1998 it was ranked 4th on the same poll for novels before 1990. It also received the 1966 Hugo for All-Time Series, beating out Tolkien's "The Lord Of The Rings", Smith's "Lensman", Heinlein's "Future History", and Burroughs' "Barsoom" series for the award.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: ...really quite staggeringly, breathtakingly bad - unless you're particularly fond of big explosions, that is, in which case you'll absolutely love it. If you don't, prepare for a totally ridiculous tale woodenly acted without much conviction. Not even Robert Patrick's nasty chief villain can save this monumental turkey. It has but one good moment, when a minor baddie, seeing the chasing ex-Marine, says, "He's like a Terminator", and gets an annoyed glance from Patrick, who played the liquid metal Terminator in "Terminator II".

review/helpfulness: 8/15
review/text: Look the studio wants consumers to buy the 2D version first, then the 3D release which is being purposely delayed.So I'm Redboxing the Dvd until the 3D becomes reasonable (which will include the 2D too).

review/helpfulness: 9/13
review/text: Let's be honest here. You buy this product for one reason only; to see your baby in it for 5 minutes before you strip it from her and have some fun.This product worked, it looks fabulous on her body, it really frames her buns perfectly and her DDs look fantastic in it as well. She managed to keep it on her body for 30 minutes...I was tied up!You will love this body stocking.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This book is pooly written - I dont know if this is the author's insistance or some kind of translation error from danish to english, but the style of writing really puts you off.I find it hard to believe that any american publisher's editors did not notice the bad translation, maybe this is just the style of the writing insisted by the author.The book is about the authors trip to everest summit. There is very little substance in the book. This is more a fit for a one page or two page article in a magazine than to be published as a hard bound.After you read Krauker's book, you are bowled over by the style, the research and the facts crammed into it. Even though Krauker may have titled it as a personal narrative, there is no disputing the fact that 'Into Thin air' provides all the information that you may want to know about the expedition, and is essentially a 'History' of the tragedy. This book on the other hand offers zilch.The only saving grace are a couple of photos - one showing the hillary step from the bottom, the other showing the areas of the camp and'the huddle' on South col. Avoid it if you can.

review/helpfulness: 8/17
review/text: Ok so I heard that this was better than the last Transformers (didn't see that one), so I thought it must be ok. It's got to be one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Horrible acting, not sure why Shia LaBeouf is an actor...think Matthew McConaughey and Ben Affleck, but without the charisma. If you are into cartoons,explosions and superficial story telling then it might be palatable for you....otherwise you'd be better off watching the grass grow.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: "Cruel and Unusual" was my first Scarpetta book, and when I looked on the jacket of "From Potter's Field" and saw that it would deal with Temple Gault again, I decided to read it next, hoping to see this killer get what he deserves.Most of this book was pretty engrossing, even though I did have some gripes. Kay's affair with Benton is disappointing to me since she seems to pride herself on "doing the right thing." Lucy was insufferable in this one. She was younger in "Cruel and Unusual" and I could overlook her idiosyncracies, but she's older now and needs to get a grip - she almost seems to resent or dislike Kay at times but then turns around and loves her again. Also, Lucy's genius IQ and role as an FBI computer program writer who busts crime with her keyboard are beyond corny.The best part IMO was the scene in the morgue, as others have said. I don't think I would have been able to put the book down if a tornado had ripped through my house while I was reading that part!It is difficult to believe that a crazy guy high on cocaine most of the time could always be one step ahead of the police and FBI, brutally murdering people right under their noses and getting away with it.But then the worst came. The ending. Wham, bam, it's over, with Temple Gault's fate implied but none of the juicy details I was hungering for. There wasn't even a page break - one second we're in the subway tunnels of New York, the next we're flying over Potter's Field. Huh?

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: This novel, contrary to some of the other comments, is a wonderful piece of literature. Although not the most uplifting, it is a great example of Hardy and Deterministic and Naturalistic fiction. Despite Tess' best efforts (like Jude in the other Hardy novel), she is unable to escape the poverty and misfourtune which she attempts to leave behind. Although somewhat lengthy, the novel is one of the better pieces of British fiction to come out of the period.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: To be 100% honest i thought the movie was boring and too sappy for a cartoon.The old guy got on my nerves and the movie was just so unlike adam.I mean come on we all know he could have done way better than this stupid movie.Im sorry but i just think the movie was horrible.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: My children and I have now enjoyed this several times. My 19th month old has fun seeing Eebee. But the most amazing thing is how much fun his 4 and 5 year old big sisters have watching it with their baby brother. They see the DVD as a fun and exciting way to learn new ways to play with and teach their brother. While they are watching they have a great time playing along with Eeebee. Fantastic, educational, and entertaining!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: When E T A Hoffmann redirected his output from music to literature the world gained a lot. Not only did his literature have great impact with other writers, but his stories became the source of much musical inspiration (Wagner, Offenbach, Tchiakovsky, Hindemith, Schumann, Busoni, Delibes .....). But listening to this CD made me realise the world lost a lot as well, because Hoffmann was a very talented composer. I had previously heard some of Hoffmann's chamber music, such as the piano trio and harp quintet on this CD, and viewed them as pleasant but not memorable. The duettini italiani on this disc are for me, a pointer to greater riches in Hoffmann's music than I had previously seen.Other recommendations:Hoffmann's short stories, and his novel 'The Life and Opinions of the Tomcat Murr'E. T. A. Hoffmann: Arlequin Ballet; Overtures, CPO CD

review/helpfulness: 4/12
review/text: I've just seen this commercial not too long ago & it looks to be a hit even for a guy like John Cena(my favorite WWE wrestler of all time) to handle a crime scene like this. I'm looking foward for Cena to kick some a** in this high gearesh movie!

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: ...this film is pleasant and somewhat predictable. Not groundbreaking, thought-provoking, or masterful by any stretch of the imagination. But it is seldom boring, and no egregious cringe-inducing moments that I remember.The ending was far less Hollywood-cheesy than I feared when I read the plot description and glowing reviews from God-awful flaky film critics like Jeffery Lyons. That it is set in the scenic, cultural, and sensual gorgeousness of southern Italy helps IMMEASURABLY. After all, just imagine the same film shot in the muddy brown waters of the American Gulf coast, for example...gag!This would make for an excellent date movie, plenty of moments conducive to making out and heavy petting, etc. Also makes you want to go move to Italy regardless of your gender.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Originally written in the 1950's for serial publication, the Foundation Trilogy (and the additional books written in the series) is often hailed as Asimov's greatest achievement. Certainly, the original trilogy is high on my list of "must read" science fiction.The Foundation Trilogy presents us with a universe controlled by the Galactic Empire. The Empire has governed the known universe for tens of thousands of years and appears to be at the zenith of its power. But the Empire is burdened by the weight of the bureaucracy needed to govern millions of worlds. Trantor, the administrative seat of the Empire is a planet completely covered by buildings. A vast, planet-wide city, it houses the millions of functionaries necessary to administer the Empire. As wealthy and as powerful as the Empire seems, disaster is just around the corner. However, only one man, Hari Seldon, is able to recognize the Empire's impending doom.Hari is a mathematician who has developed the breakthrough field of Psychohistory. Psychohistory is the mathematical process by which the actions of people can be predicted in advance. This science does not work for predicting individual behavior, but instead predicts the behavior of a mass of humanity (billions of people). By analyzing the Empire with Psychohistorical methods, Hari has determined that the Empire will crumble within 500 years, plunging the known universe into barbarism that will prevent a new Empire from arising for 30,000 years!Fortunately, Hari has developed a plan that, if executed, will curtail the period of galactic decay to a mere 1,000 years. However, it is unclear whether Hari can persuade the Emperor to allow him to move forward with his plan. Can Hari and his fellow scientists save the universe? Or will the shortsighted aims of a greedy, grasping Emperor derail their plans?Although these works are science fiction, they would probably not be classed as "hard" science fiction. There is some necessary discussion of scientific principles, but not enough to bore any "technophobes" who may be reading the novels. The trilogy focuses mainly on the people involved in the Seldon plan, as opposed to the technology being used by them. Asimov always enjoyed speculating on how people would evolve and react to advanced technology and he lets his imagination run wild here.Two significant milestones were achieved with this work. First, Asimov became one of the first writers to theorize that atomic power would revolutionize society. Second, I believe Asimov was the first to present a planet that was entirely covered by buildings. The universe he creates is engaging and filled with fascinating, believable characters. Since the books were serialized, many chapters (especially in the first volume) contain complete plot lines and make the book easy to read if you need to break up your reading time into small increments. Lots of political intrigue and maneuvering keeps the action flowing through all three books.Foundation sets the stage for the rest of the series. Hari Seldon is introduced and his theories of Psychohistory are explained. Then Seldon's Foundation is established on Terminus, a remote planet at the edge of the Empire, with the goal of shortening the period of barbarism the universe will experience. However, there are no Psychohistorians located in the Foundation... only scientists. The planet has very few native metals and virtually no defenses. The scientists must figure out how to rule their world and fend off avaricious neighbors as the Empire begins to crumble. The majority of this first volume contains vignettes chronicling the Foundation leaders responding to various crises that Hari Seldon predicted centuries before. The crises are varied and plausible. The solutions to the problems that arise are not solved by any miraculous means, but by tough, clever political maneuvering. Watching the crises and their solutions unfold is very enthralling and keeps you turning the pages at a rapid pace.There is something here for everyone to enjoy. If you have never read this fine trilogy, buy a copy today. You won't be disappointed.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I starting reading this book with great enthusiasm for my 11th grade English GT class's summer homework. I read and read, and I just started hearing names of people who, didn't make sense. I could never figure out who Reverend whatever is, or that other guy they talk about, I just went a long skimming the book, not able to feel any plot whatesoever! I was completely bored with this book. I didn't need a dictionary whatsoever either, but I will probably need Cliff Notes, so I could understand what the story is about, if anyone can help, please do.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: This book is most definitely an interesting read; however, I bought it with the purpose of helping me in a Microeconomics class. This book isn't about teaching you basic economics. It's more of an opinion piece. So buyer beware - if you're looking for an educational, informational, technical book about economics, this one won't fit the bill.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Eric Arthur Blair, under the pen name of George Orwell, wrote 1984 because of his concern of the spread of communism. It is a dark, gothic look at what society could become if the spectre of communism led to totalitarianism. Essentially, it is a more graphic and adult version of his Animal Farm, with people. It is told by a nameless narrator who knows all the goings-on in the world of the future, and follows the life of a middle-aged citizen of Oceania, Winston Smith, who is an employee in the Ministry of Truth. 1984 is not plot-driven, nor is it based on character development (these aspects are still present, however). The primary focus of the book is the setting. We are given the world as it could have become in 1984. Of course, we are not in a situation like that, but the threat of such a situation is still present. This differentiates it from other books, although there is never a reason to dislike or fear something new before trying it. Orwell believed it to be the most effective way to explain the world of 1984, and I think it is effective. If the focus were on the characters or the plot, a high proportion of the messages would have to be interpreted, rather than explained in detail. Different interpretations could mean that certain events make no sense, and discussion would be difficult. Some people may have missed some meanings altogether. By explaining his 'apocalyptic' vision of the future in complete detail, Orwell is able to get the entirety of his message to his readers. Orwell is a very articulate and imaginative writer. The world he depicts is divided into three world powers - Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia. The Party controls Oceania, the setting of the novel. Big Brother (a parallel to Napoleon from Animal Farm, or Stalin in real life) is at the apex of the social pyramid. He is the father-figure worshipped by the citizens. The Inner Party comprises 2% of the population, and the Outer Party 15%. The remainder consists of the dumb masses, or 'proles'. Any sign of unorthodoxy is dealt with swiftly and harshly by the Thought Police (a parallel to the dogs, the American secret service or Russian KGB). The telescreens that are planted in the walls receive and transmit information simultaneously. The Thought Police use these to keep their citizens under surveillance. Children are turned against their own parents through the use of spy camps and worship of Big Brother. 1984 is partially a look at how easily children can be manipulated and what happens when it goes wrong. Ironically, the people with the least intelligence are given the highest degree of freedom. They do not pose a threat. The chances of an uprising are non-existent because the proles believe anything they are told, and do not take material facts into consideration. Three of the Party's main slogans: 'War is Peace', 'Freedom is Slavery' and 'Ignorance is Strength' are swallowed without question by the majority of the population. The reasons for this, and how the Party pulls it off, are explained in detail later on. The Party was meticulous in its planning. Any totalitarian system requires a scapegoat. In Oceania, it is Emmanuel Goldstein (John Lenin), the subject of the Two Minutes Hate. The Brotherhood is the rebel group that follows Goldstein's teachings, and undermines the Party at any opportunity. The narrator shows us the thoughts that run through Winston's mind, and how he longs for freedom of thought. He meets the book's loveinterest, Julia, whom he disgusts at first glance and lusts after, due to his own failed marriage and her beauty. She wears a chastity scarf, symbolising her (supposed) contempt for sex, part of the reason for his lust - he believes he can never have her. The message here is the desire for that which is forbidden. He later learns that Julia is a rebel, but in a different way, &quot;only from the waist down&quot;, according to Winston. They find a secret hiding place without a telescreen, and are invited to join the Brotherhood by O'Brien. As it turns out, this is when their troubles truly begin. Orwell describes in detail how the Party came into power, its motives and its true objectives. The full implication and repercussions of these revelations are unfurled in the final riveting part of the novel. However, there are flaws in the exploration of the society. We are not given a sufficient view into the eyes of the older generation that lived through the Revolution. Winston only questions one old prole in a pub, and appeared to give up his inquiry too early. 1984 is a very mature book, and I would only recommend it to people who can grasp similar concepts. If the reader is too young, they may dismiss the book as boring. It may seem so at first, but the novel will make more sense with some thought and, possibly, subsequent readings. If you enjoyed Brave New World, you will enjoy 1984, and even if you didn't, you may still like it. This is a philosopher's book.

review/helpfulness: 1/9
review/text: I had high hopes for this film based on the reviews of others and the press. I love creature films and indications were this would be a good-budget, well acted change from the cheesy norm.It has a fantastic 1/2 hour, that being the last 1/2 hour. Until then it's little more than a National Geographic caving episode with a few cautious over-the-shoulder glances from a character or two thrown in, and creepier music. Although some scenes may have you nibble a fingernail or two, it's more because of some spelunking challenge than any genuine sense of dread building toward the attacks you know are coming.I give it credit for having a female cast that doesn't sit around and cry, stand and scream, or trip every time they try to run. Good performances of strong, no-nonsense women here and all the better for it.But we're back to that last 1/2 hour thing. Once it leaves the realm of the Discovery Channel and finally turns into a horror movie, Descent becomes a real thrill. But even that last 1/2 hour is killed by a total downer of an ending. I mean, not every movie has to have a happy happy joy joy ending, but the last 2 minutes were just a roll-your-eyes groaner.Big letdown.

review/helpfulness: 3/10
review/text: Pls let m e know when this CD will be available Also I want to be explain why if this CD and the other with same name but import, have the same songs...why so different prices?I want ot know when the CD DESCARTES from the same author will be available. Price and in how many days I will received my cdThanks

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: I usually buy the salted version of this butter since I mostly use it for spreading and for that I like the flavor of the salted version better. That being said, there are a number of recipies that call for unsalted butter and then the unsalted Lurpak is as good as you will find.Note that Lurpak is cultured butter (not sweet cream butter like most American brands) and as such it has a deep and rich flavor that no simple sweet cream butter can match. Cultured butter of this kind is produced by fermenting the cream with lactic bacteria that convert sugars to lactic acid before churning the cream into butter.In my opinion, the Lurpak Danish butter holds its own in comparison with far more expensive butters. I actually prefer Lurpak over brands like Echire, etc.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: The Grass is Blue is an incredible effort. Dolly sings it right and how could she go wrong with the world class band she assembled. As someone that has had a passion for this music and played it since 1965 you can take my word that this is a CD you will not regret buying.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: This book is a godsend for the layperson. It contains many straight-forward and informative chapters regarding all aspects of lawn care from starting from scratch to rejuvenating a tired lawn and everything in between. Very easily read and understood. I recommend this book highly to anyone interested in a great lawn.

review/helpfulness: 18/19
review/text: Here's a newsflash:1957: Ella Fitzgerald, jazz's best singer, records the songs of Duke Ellington, jazz's best composer. Duke and Ella never sound better. His orchestra is at its most elegant yet at its most swinging, her voice's is in its best form, so harmonically, rhythmically, and tonally sophisticated. Jazz's greatest event is happening. It is &quot;Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Duke Ellington Songbook,&quot; and it is too great to let pass you by.Alright, this is all true. With Duke's big band behind her, Ella was divine. She was even classier with his suberb small groups. Most of all, it showed both of their eclecticism. Duke was still overlapping rhythms, harmonies, tones, and different musical styles to their most mesmerizing effect. Ella was at her career peak at Verve Records. And for the record: Any of the songwriters she covered in the classic Songbook Series never sounded as awesome. She's the glue that provokes the Ellington Orchestra to outdo themselves once again. Their repertoire of jungle music, unique swing songs, lesser known songs, and more experimental songs is covered, and Ella fits these songs like a lace glove. Part of her incredible genius is her ability to adapt any type of music to her ebullient voice. (On the video of PBS's American Masters special about Ella, listen to her short takes on country and soul in a London Club. Dang!)In comparison to the rest of Ella's stellar career: &quot;Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Duke Ellington Songbook&quot; is her peak. It is the centerpiece in her career's greatest period at Verve Records and the landmark Songbook Series. Of all of them, it's the most jazz-oriented. All of her Songbook albums are first-rate, yet this is the best.And it's also a taste of heaven, too good to let pass you by when you're alive. Get it now.And hey, Chick Webb's orchestra was one of swing's greatest bands, but what if she had spent a part of her career in Duke's orchestra? That might have been even better. And even she didn't, isn't this album more than enough?

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF DECENTRISTS!!To summarise in simple terms - brilliant , absolutely brilliant! Just plain brilliant! I saw it in the two hours that for me almost passed as two minutes! The film opened my senses to the reality of an ongoing presence of decentralists operating at the highest levels of New Orleans police - which is just what the people of New Orleans need!! Allow me to explain. 10 years ago , it became pretty much obvious to every awakening American that decentralization is a major important answer to the question of what is to be done about corruption in American politics and in the American police forces. In this film , the concept of total decentralization from bottom up is visualized. Several policemen decide to get the New Orleans police clean from corruption in a matter of a bet that will cost one of them thousands of U.S. dollars - merely a few weeks! They decide to rely upon the one policeman they can rely upon (the character played by Nicholas Cage) who understands that to get your area rid of corruption you must be corrupt for a while yourself. As the thin line between what corruption means on a philosophical level and what corruption really isn't is drawn - it becomes clear to the police officer , that decentralization is just as much a philosophical concept as corruption - in ways he would never have suspected. Faced with the possibility of loosing his job if he will not find and aid in the pleading of guilty the parties responsible for the deaths of three children and their mother , he decides to join for a while forces with some of the most corrupt among New Orlean's drug lords , and convinces them that he has no spiritual discernment whatsoever , while his spiritual discernment turns out in the end to be vastly superior to that which he had thought he really possessed. Nicholas Cage performs brilliantly as the uomo sinistrium of modern times - the sinister man who has replaced uomo universalis - the renaissance man.The renaissance man was more or less a liberal centrist , while the uomo sinistrium is first and foremost a decentrist individualist. The result becomes a totally surprising - albeit very happy ending , where it turns out how hard it really is for the main character to get himself rid of drug addiction. All sorts of moral questions as well as amoral ones are asked in the film and it leaves no area untouched for me that was needed to satisfy my senses as a serious viewer of Nicholas Cage movies (my favourite as a kid was Birdy).New Orleans is thus a terrific portrayal of what may happen , contrary to what most conspiracy writers believe today about the New Orleans police , if they decide one day to decentralize their positions from bottoms up. Already , decentralization of police is becoming a major factor of discussion in many areas of today's politics , now that the European Union is beginning to collapse , followed by the IMF. IMF's collapse is absolutely certain - and it may well have very beneficial consequences for today's present decentralists. I am big on decentralization myself and wholeheartedly support full decentralization of New Orlean's police. What makes this film so unique is how seriously it managed to express the meaning of the concept of 'decentralization'without ever needing to even mention the term.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I bought these boots mainly for commuting in lousy weather. After the sole of my last pair of snow boots ripped during our last snow storm, I gave these a shot while shoveling our driveway. Two hours later, my feet were still as warm as they were when I put them on. These boots are great hikers, but also are hands down the warmest pair I have ever worn in the snow.

review/helpfulness: 14/15
review/text: This book is a simple and practical help toward Christian growth. Each chapter is full of the &quot;how-to&quot; aspect of living a life of spiritual discipline. But even more than that, Whitney displays a pastor's heart on these pages, urging his brothers and sisters onward toward the Christian life to which we are called in Scripture. This is not a difficult book to read by any means, but what it calls us to do is a lifetime mission. Buy this book, read it over and over - maybe once a year - and pursue spiritual discipline! Doing so will help you grow more and more like Christ, slowly but surely.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: i just read a review that said that u should save your battle chips for when you in a hard fight dose that mean that you can only use each chip once if it dose then that would suckpart 2some one said somthing about a pet that lets you jack in i think he called it the pet 2 i think ive seen this before is it the same one that they use on bttle network three if it is than im gonna get it

review/helpfulness: 2/26
review/text: mr. galsworhy may have written a fine solid substantial novel, byt by heaven mr. anthony trollope who lived and wrote over fifty years before was a much more modern writer and didn't qualify every goddam sentence with an exclamation mark. (!) very dated stuff. who knows, maybe one day i'll get past all those damn exclamation marks.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Eric Arthur Blair, under the pen name of George Orwell, wrote 1984 because of his concern of the spread of communism. It is a dark, gothic look at what society could become if the spectre of communism led to totalitarianism. Essentially, it is a more graphic and adult version of his Animal Farm, with people. It is told by a nameless narrator who knows all the goings-on in the world of the future, and follows the life of a middle-aged citizen of Oceania, Winston Smith, who is an employee in the Ministry of Truth. 1984 is not plot-driven, nor is it based on character development (these aspects are still present, however). The primary focus of the book is the setting. We are given the world as it could have become in 1984. Of course, we are not in a situation like that, but the threat of such a situation is still present. This differentiates it from other books, although there is never a reason to dislike or fear something new before trying it. Orwell believed it to be the most effective way to explain the world of 1984, and I think it is effective. If the focus were on the characters or the plot, a high proportion of the messages would have to be interpreted, rather than explained in detail. Different interpretations could mean that certain events make no sense, and discussion would be difficult. Some people may have missed some meanings altogether. By explaining his 'apocalyptic' vision of the future in complete detail, Orwell is able to get the entirety of his message to his readers. Orwell is a very articulate and imaginative writer. The world he depicts is divided into three world powers - Oceania, Eastasia and Eurasia. The Party controls Oceania, the setting of the novel. Big Brother (a parallel to Napoleon from Animal Farm, or Stalin in real life) is at the apex of the social pyramid. He is the father-figure worshipped by the citizens. The Inner Party comprises 2% of the population, and the Outer Party 15%. The remainder consists of the dumb masses, or 'proles'. Any sign of unorthodoxy is dealt with swiftly and harshly by the Thought Police (a parallel to the dogs, the American secret service or Russian KGB). The telescreens that are planted in the walls receive and transmit information simultaneously. The Thought Police use these to keep their citizens under surveillance. Children are turned against their own parents through the use of spy camps and worship of Big Brother. 1984 is partially a look at how easily children can be manipulated and what happens when it goes wrong. Ironically, the people with the least intelligence are given the highest degree of freedom. They do not pose a threat. The chances of an uprising are non-existent because the proles believe anything they are told, and do not take material facts into consideration. Three of the Party's main slogans: 'War is Peace', 'Freedom is Slavery' and 'Ignorance is Strength' are swallowed without question by the majority of the population. The reasons for this, and how the Party pulls it off, are explained in detail later on. The Party was meticulous in its planning. Any totalitarian system requires a scapegoat. In Oceania, it is Emmanuel Goldstein (John Lenin), the subject of the Two Minutes Hate. The Brotherhood is the rebel group that follows Goldstein's teachings, and undermines the Party at any opportunity. The narrator shows us the thoughts that run through Winston's mind, and how he longs for freedom of thought. He meets the book's loveinterest, Julia, whom he disgusts at first glance and lusts after, due to his own failed marriage and her beauty. She wears a chastity scarf, symbolising her (supposed) contempt for sex, part of the reason for his lust - he believes he can never have her. The message here is the desire for that which is forbidden. He later learns that Julia is a rebel, but in a different way, &quot;only from the waist down&quot;, according to Winston. They find a secret hiding place without a telescreen, and are invited to join the Brotherhood by O'Brien. As it turns out, this is when their troubles truly begin. Orwell describes in detail how the Party came into power, its motives and its true objectives. The full implication and repercussions of these revelations are unfurled in the final riveting part of the novel. However, there are flaws in the exploration of the society. We are not given a sufficient view into the eyes of the older generation that lived through the Revolution. Winston only questions one old prole in a pub, and appeared to give up his inquiry too early. 1984 is a very mature book, and I would only recommend it to people who can grasp similar concepts. If the reader is too young, they may dismiss the book as boring. It may seem so at first, but the novel will make more sense with some thought and, possibly, subsequent readings. If you enjoyed Brave New World, you will enjoy 1984, and even if you didn't, you may still like it. This is a philosopher's book.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: Do not buy or rent this. Adam Sandler is officially a no talent hack. This is not for children or anyone for that matter unless lame brained scattological humor with absolutely no point is your thing.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: This book is a pleasant and often amusing read, a nice mix of day to day observations, occasional spice, certainly cheap at twice the price.

review/helpfulness: 15/17
review/text: Originally published in 1963, James Baldwin's, "The Fire Next Time", is an indicator of what society was like as many viewed it, and forces questions about the degree of change that has happened since he originally wrote the work. The position or the perspective of the reader, will greatly affect how each reader reacts. One issue that I do not believe can be doubted is that this is a powerful, and passionate book, written and published at a time the Author risked all manner of hatred and violence upon him. Published when Mr. Baldwin was 39, the book is not the rose colored view of youth, nor the writing with an entire lifetime to reflect upon. It does not suffer from the first, nor does it fall short do to the latter. It is writing that will elicit powerful emotions by all those who read it.Great change for the better has taken place. Former Joint Chief Of Staff Colin Powell will soon occupy the most powerful post ever held by a person of color in this Country's History. This was probably unmanageable in 1963. However this example does not represent the state of change in our Society. As an argument for how much change has taken place for the better between the races, a person pointed out to me the march on the anniversary of the sick events in Selma Alabama, and the lack of any violence. My feeling was that if the President Of The United States had made the same march with the same people in 1965, as the President did recently, the violence would surely have been different. The participation of The President and all that surround him tend to minimize Civil Rights abuse in his presence.There is no definitive measure of how much change has taken place, who is responsible, and who if anyone is to blame. The ease with which "The Race Card" is played by individuals of any color, at any level of our Country may not measure change, but it certainly does indicate that whatever change is needed is not yet completed.A very powerful work about a conflict that still occupies too much time as an issue in our Nation. This book is one man's views, and his shared personal experiences. He writing is not the final word, but after 38 years, the fact that his work and his thoughts are still relevant, speaks for the work and the man who wrote it.

review/helpfulness: 9/11
review/text: One day last week, I could not, even after hours of deliberation (the snow had made engagements scarce), decide what book to read next. I finally came upon this little volume on the end of my parent's bookshelf and decided to give it try. How could I have known what charms were in store? I felt like a little girl again, and as Eustace Bright, the ambitious college student who narrates these tales, held his little auditors in awe, my eyes, too, were wide with wonder. It truly is a &quot;wonder book,&quot; full of high fantasy, thrilling action, and the inimitable imagery of a master. Though geared towards &quot;boys and girls,&quot; Hawthorne explains in his introduction that &quot;children possess an unestimated sensibility to whatever is deep or high, in imagination or feeling, so long as it is simple . . . It is only the artificial and complex that bewilder them.&quot; Indeed; the book hardly condescends, and so will gently stretch the middle-grader's vocabulary. But readers -- or listeners -- of all ages will delight in this collection of tales, for I was equally, if not more, entertained by the introductories and postludes to each story, which relate the antics and dialogue of Eustace and the little children he entertains. These interludes also expand the stories by slipping in commentary and interpretation.Don't pass this one by; it will truly win your heart, whoever you may be!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: William Trevor's precise, descriptive prose brings to mind other current authors (Pete Dexter, Tom Wolfe) who enable readers to visualize, as if viewing a film, the details of a scene--from beads of sweat trickling down a character's cheek to the colors in the oil paintings decorating a wall. Treveor uses this admirable technique to great employ in this enigmatic story of the relationship between a predator, a seemingly kindly bachelor, and his prey, a frightened pregnant Irish teen come to England to look for the father. The issue of free will as the Creator envisions it is examined here: the predator, Mr. Hilditch, in his manipulative fashion, carves out a destiny for Felicia (and, unwittingly, himdself) that suggests a control one might ascribe to a Deity. The ending is cryptic and odd; one can take the events and their aftermath in any number of ways and Trevor is of no help in steering one in the proper direction. Perhaps that's a good thing--the ending is far more haunting than the rest of the novel.(The unabridged audiobook I listened to was read by Simon Prebble, not Dermot Crowley. Prebble's interpretation, as well as his vocal characterization, is flawless.)

review/helpfulness: 9/11
review/text: Michael Barone is the co-creator (with Grant Ujifusa) of the Almanac of American Politics, itself an almost inexhaustible well of the curious and (sometimes) interesting. Our Country is an effort to put the same sensibility to work in a narrative history. Barone has absorbed a lot and forgotten little, and he likes to remind the reader of things others are more likely to forget. Civil rights, for example. One wing of the Republican party had its roots planted firmly in the abolitionist movement, dating back to before the Civil War. You could call it &quot;the Eisenhower wing,&quot; if you were clear that it did not include Eisenhower. As general, and later as president, it seems fair to say that Eisenhower just didn't get it - not so much hostility to blacks as a kind of blank incomprehension - why weren't they willing to keep the place (one is tempted to make comparisons with General Sherman). Lyndon Johnson, by contrast, is one who emphatically did get it. Vulnerable and insecure as he always saw himself, Johnson was able to show real empathy for the plight of American Blacks. So we have the kind of irony so familiar in politics - the soldier-statesman who didn't get it, imposing a civil rights bill on Congress against the best efforts of the cracker politician who did.Barone obviously relishes the irony there, but he likes the story in particular because of an even more consistent enthusiasm. That is: he is fascinated by the hard work of governing, which he comes close to glamorizing in its very unglamorousness. You can see it perhaps best in his appreciative account of a man who he nominates as a forgotten progenitor of modern social legislation - Robert Wagner, the senator and father, inter alia, of the Wagner Labor Relations Act. Without Wagner, as Barone tells it, the New Deal's legislative agenda would have been a lot more insipid. It perhaps explains also his affection for Hubert Humphrey - a name perhaps mostly forgotten today, or remembered if at all only in the sour aftertaste of the 1968 presidential election, which he lost to Richard Nixon.What perhaps gives zest to Barone's account is that for all his skill as a data-miner, he believes at the end that politics is culture and not economics that divides us or draws us together. It impels him to insist that there is a society more important than its contentions and divisions, more than the sum of its parts - in some sense, a res publica, or (back to Barone's title here) &quot;Our Country.&quot; Only one afterthought: this is another book that cries out for an new edition.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: If it's in the game, its in NHL2K3.A hard-core NHL player on the EA side of the tracks since NHL94 I finally broke down and shelled out the [money] for Sega's shot at hockey on PS2. Initially I was impressed by the ESPN features and definitely floored by the depth of the user options, GM choices, etc. The gameplay is smooth, the offensive and defensive strategies and plays are incredibly fluid and the true hockey fanatic with seasoned experience will really be able to get the most out of this game.The graphics off-the-ice are impressive, the players faces are also top shelf but the game play graphics aren't as fluid as EA's and the moves aren't as realistic. You can't have it all... you can tell just by the size of the manual that more thought went into NHL2K3 and their first attempt at hockey on the PS2 is definitely a sign to watch out EA, because SEGA has your number. I enjoyed the fact that there weren't all gimmicks like NHL cards, cheat options and choose your own celebration. All this including gamebreaker and dynamic dekes are [bad]. Anyway who knows and follows hockey is acutely aware that you have to play 60 minutes (or 15) to win. NHL2K3 does it self a favor by putting all its flavor on the ice and the ESPN brand helps the whole game's realism. If only EA could learn from this.A CBC Hockey Night in Canada graphic environment would probably take NHL2K3 to even better heights, maybe for next year. ESPN's dedication to hockey is definitely falling off due to their acquisition of the NBA. Don Cherry, hotstove, etc.To sum it up, I've got both NHL2003 and NHL2K3 but it looks like I'll probably trade in EA's title and go for the Cup with Sega, ...

review/helpfulness: 10/13
review/text: One of the best books I have read is Aldous Huxley's 'Island'. It is a take-off on the utopia theme and not his first one on it, the earlier one being 'The Brave New World'. His 'The Brave New World' was a brilliant trenchant satire, written on the premise that the human race has only two alternatives viz. being either insane or lunatic. 'The Brave New World' was a fantasy fable. 'Island' published in 1962, 30 years after 'Brave New World' was written by a much mellowed Huxley. Huxley's premise had changed from the earlier one. He believed that humanity had a third choice, of being sane. 'Island' is no satire, less fable like, the socio-political, economic system exposited in it is less fable like, and though might seem very difficult to realize, is not impossible if we all manage to be sane!Pala is a tiny (fable) island in the Indian Ocean, where it's small community has made the best of western and eastern worlds. The inhabitants are basically Shivaite-Buddhists. They have adopted the western technology but not to the extent that the technology becomes dehumanizing and prevents them being full human beings. They have steered clear of the three pillars of the western prosperity:- armaments, universal debt and planned obsolescence. They have of course their tradition of empathy for all the living beings, their respect for the environment, habitat and the practice of their traditional mind science. The Community believes that God is immanent, man is potentially transcendent. The island's enlightened community have attempted the enormous folly of trying to make a marriage between Hell and Heaven and succeeded at it. They have blended their tradition with western technology in a perfect synthesis. Rather, one of their prime credo is making the best of all the worlds.The book opens in a dramatic fashion. An English journalist on a secret mission to push the Oil interests of his tycoon boss is regaining consciousness an early morning on the fable island Pala. He had the previous afternoon procured a boat at the neighboring island (a separate country) and planned to sail into the Pala harbor. Unfortunately, he gets caught in a squall. Instead of sailing into the Pala harbor, he is washed ashore the wrong side of the Island with steep hills to be negotiated to reach habitation. Even as he is descending in the failing light of dusk, negotiating the slippery rain washed rocks, he espies snakes (not necessarily venomous) slithering around. Probably finding live snakes around for the first time in his life, he panics, loses hold and falls. Fortunately for him, this fall to the ground is cushioned by an obstructing tree. Still badly bruised, shaken and utterly terrified he loses consciousness. He regains consciousness the next morning with two Palanese urchins - a ten year old girl and a four year old boy- solicitously looking down upon him. The girl sends off the boy to get help. Meanwhile she feeds the famished journalist with bananas. The journalist is still carrying the phantom images of the slithering snakes though they are no more around. How the ten year old successfully administers therapy to the adult journalist to rid of the snakes crawling in his mind is one of the high points of the novel!One of the other high points in the novel: - the character Lakshmi, in last dying stages of terminal cancer is treated by her relatives. Death is treated as any other incident in life. It is as if Lakshmi's relatives are seeing her off for a long journey she is undertaking. She is helped in every way to live to the very fullest even as she is dying. Huxley had been deeply influenced by the book 'The Tibetan Book of the Dead' so popular in the west during 1920s & 1930s. This particular episode seems to have been inspired by 'The Tibetan Book of the Dead'.Huxley concludes the book on somewhat tragic but realistic note.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: After buying a new Pentium 4 system, I was tight for cash. Luckily enough I managed to come upon the Radeon 7000. It has one of the best image qualities I've seen and its performance isn't too bad either.

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: Why are you listening to music per se, if you're not listening to THIS! I have no idea why this album doesn't have a full five-star rating. If you're going to put down great music it better be because you're a musician putting out better material. (It may seem like I'm defending this album over a measly half-star but I'm just endorsing it heavily and this is my method.)I made a mistake when I first came across this album during a visit to Seattle because I didn't snatch it up then and there (even though I got to hear the whole album). After a month of futile searches in music stores from Seattle to New Orleans, I decided to make it my first purchase from Amazon when I discovered Amazon had the album in its stock. Yes, this album was musically strong enough for me to endure the hassle and initial misgivings of ordering something over the Internet. While this is not a plug for Amazon, this is a definite plug and testament to the hold and strength of this music after listening to it only once.On that note, this album, the music on it, is evolutionary. This album embodies the future of intelligent DJ mixing. Sure, I think John Digweed's 'Bedrock' is intense and wild after the initial songs on both CD's, but I can still find other DJs who mix in his vein and style, using his approach. I can't say that about Kid Loco's DJ-Kicks album, and neither can you (unless you're listening to something I and the rest of the world hasn't yet heard of). The only other DJ music mix that resembles this effort by Kid Loco is the other DJ-Kicks release by the Thievery Corporation. But they only resemble each other in the intelligence of mixing choices and not in their sound or execution. In my humble and otherwise insignificant opinion, this album by Kid Loco is far more sumptious and haze-inducing than TC's album, but get them both if you can. This is not an endorsement for the DJ-Kicks series, either. These are the only two DJ-Kicks albums I enjoy and listen to with any frequency, even six months after purchase (other DJ-Kicks albums weren't so great).Take my word for it, I listen to a lot of music in general. A lot of good music, too. These albums, especially Kid Loco's, stands out. As for a short description of the music, it's deep, down, and murky, but not at all subterranean since it lifts, is very soulful, is full of epiphany, is completely accessible, and makes you proud to own and share it with others.

review/helpfulness: 22/23
review/text: With the new hard drive based MP3 players, I wanted to rip all my CDs (about 200) and put it on a player. This meant one with at least 20GB. I decided to rip at 224Kbps for higher quality. I ended up using 16GB for 2229 Tracks from 225 Albums. To give myself more head room I decided that 40Gb should be my choice.Some of the features out there...*Hard Drive - Definitely needed this to rip all my CDs to MP3.*FM tuner - This was a nice to have...so, I wasn't disappointed that this doesn't have it*Voice Recorder - This is also a nice to have....so, I wasn't disappointed that this doesn't have it*Line in to record - This is also a nice to have....so, I wasn't disappointed that this doesn't have it*Use as a hard drive - I really wanted to have this, but as you'll see below, I kind of didn't get it.So, everyone's question is why didn't I get the iPOD? It's definitely the coolest. I played with one a little at a Bose store and really liked it. Also, heard it could be a hard drive and has some other stuff like address book. But, in the end, it was too much money for me to spend. I got a 40GB Nomad for the less than a 15GB iPOD.I'm pretty happy with the Nomad Zen Jukebox Xtra (besides the week it took me to rip my CDs, which isn't the Nomad's fault). I didn't use the app that came with the Nomad to rip the MP3s. I started a few days before getting it, so I used a shareware tool called dBPowerAMP Music Converter from download.com. It worked fine.I use it......in the car and now I don't need the CD changer anymore. I have playlists of my kids CDs for them, or when it's my turn, I can play my lists. In my car, there's an auxiliary jack; in my wife's car, we use one of the tape player accessories....in my office while I work...hooked up to my PC speakers' secondary source (Megaworks 250D)...in my family room when guests are over for background music. In the past, we only had a single CD player and kept having to change it. Now, I can set a playlist and let it go the whole night....in the gym while I work out. On the treadmill, I put it in a small fanny pack and hang it which limits the shock to it. I wear the pack when I do weights.Pros-Navigation - Although there is some complexity to it, I got used to it very quickly. I really like the flexibility. I found that it's possible to do what you want whether it's removing a song from the selected music list, removing the whole list, starting a new list, finding an artist/album/song..I haven't found any instance where I thought, &quot;Gee, I wish I could do that....&quot;-Playlists can be made on the fly from the current &quot;Selected Music&quot; list...I hear iPODs can't.-Has a Replaceable battery. Honestly, I'll probably get a new one before this one dies, but it's always nice to have a choice.-The case that comes with it fits well and seems to protect it.-You can use the Nomad Explorer to change artist, genre, and album. This is useful when the CDDB isn't exactly right and I missed the misspelling or something.-You can shut it down and it will pick up right where you left off.-Battery life has been pretty good, but not spectacular. I've done alot of downloading (which kills the battery) and creating playlists and changing music, so it's hard to tell what I'm really getting.-The headphones are pretty good and fit well. They seem a little more cushier than most earbud headphones.-The sound is great.Cons-The scroll wheel is a little weird and takes a little getting used to.-It's a little big. Can't fit in your pocket well.-Doesn't have the accesories that an iPOD has.-It has no &quot;stop&quot; button. This is kind of weird, but you get used to it. There is a &quot;pause&quot; to stop the music anytime you want. The only difference between &quot;stop&quot; and &quot;pause&quot; is that (I guess) &quot;stop&quot; will go back to the beginning. But, this concept does need some getting used to.-Using the Nomad as a hard drive needs to use the Nomad Explorer, so you have to have that installed to load files. It's not very useful since most folks don't have that loaded on their PCs.-USB only, but USBv2.0 was pretty fast. I used 2 computers to rip MP3s. The older one uses USB v1.1. I didn't know how slow v1.1 really was. It took overnight and then some to download about 5GB of music. The Nomad was getting a little so hot that I turned a fan on it to cool it. That seemed to work pretty well.Conclusion: If it's a big MP3 player only that you're looking for, this is a pretty good one. The navigation is pretty flexible, but takes a little time to get used to (because it lets you do so much). I'm pretty happy with my choice. And, pretty happy with the big drive MP3 type that allows me to pretty much use it anywhere and listen to any song in my collection. That flexibility is nice...

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Easy to setup and renders quality images. If somebody is fooling around your property and the camera catches him (outside OR inside)you have evidence. Plus it will send an email to you away from home so you can see what's going on .... a little pricey but great features. No monthly fee .... I like that.

review/helpfulness: 9/17
review/text: I purchased last Christmas Charlie Brown Chritsmas dvd, and thought to purchased this year the blu ray dvd to see the difference in the graphics/images. Well there is no difference at all. Since my blu ray dvd converts regular dvd movie to hd movie, the regular dvd is nearly same clarity as the blu ray dvd. I don't think they can make it better, however it is a big improvement on the color and images, that I can say. But I don't think it's worth to spend of the blu ray dvd thinking it might be better than the regular dvd.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: I've struggled for years with ups and downs with my weight and never realized how I was sabotaging myself at every step of the way. This book hit me like no other book. If you're an emotional eater like me, this is the book you need to read.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Sister Souljah is a writer who is no scared to express the hardships of life I think this is what makes he a very good writer, not only for the African American community but for any race and any generation. From this book I gained so much information about what really goes on in African American communities. What I really likes is how she displayed the overcoming of a strugle.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I own the Austin Reed dartmouth blazer in every color in which they make it-- it is a staple of my business wardrobe. Well made, quality fabric, nicely tailored, classic lines, appropriate for a professional woman. (something that can be hard to find at times) It should be noted, however, that the periwinkle and raspberry colors are lovely, but the fabric and buttons are slightly different than the "classic" colors(lighter) and the linings and interfacings are not as substantial as the brown, navy, camel, red and ivory. It's still a good value, particularly as these are colors appropriate to warmer seasons and climates, but I was a bit surprised.

review/helpfulness: 3/12
review/text: Koontz can write. But he sucks as a story teller. Books are supposed to have a COMPLETE story in them, no? Well this one has no ending. No end at all. These 2 detectives are clued in to the fact that Dr Frankenstein exists, and is creating his "perfect race" to some day kill off all humans. That's it. You meet the original, now educated and "at one with the universe" Frankenstein's monster, you meet the main characters, and they have some conflict. That's the whole "story" in this book, which it really isn't because the basic elements of a story are a beginning, middle, and end.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I found this sequel to be a big disappointment and pales in comparison to Donati's first book. This time around, the characters bordered on boring, the plot lines forgetable and Donati's sweeping prose sadly absent. I thought this was an overall tough read. Hopefully the next one will be more of a page turner like the first one was.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: From what I've heard, this book is far more powerful in the original Spanish, and I can only lament that I don't speak Spanish. I felt that long stretches of the book, such as Colonel Buendia's various revolutions and the chapters dealing with the banana plantation, were great. The elements of magical realism were as touching as they were astonishing. But I never grew unaccustomed to the book's pace, which moves herky-jerky through the decades, sometimes focusing on a single event for pages, then leaping several weeks in a single sentence. In the end, I felt like I hadn't gotten to know a single character. All the people in the book mystified me. Their fears, hopes, and regrets, were lost on me.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: This book was assigned reading for me back in college 12 years ago and I have been thinking about ever since then. Last week I finally broke down and decided to re-read it and see if it was as fascinating now as it was then.It is the story of three male adventurers who discover an unknown land that is virtually impossible to get to inhabited only by women. Scientific and curious by nature they plan a mission to fly over the country in a plane to investigate further only to be captured and held prisioner in &quot;Herland.&quot; While captive they are tutored by and taught to speak the language of the inhabitants. Once they have mastered the language they learn that their captors do not mean them any harm, but rather want to learn from them about the outside world as they have been cut off from it for 2000 years by their natural barriers. The men learn from the women and the women learn from the men. We see how different life could be in a society ruled and inhabited only by women.As a utopian or fantasy novel, this one is outstanding. There were parts I liked better and was more appreciative of now that I am older than when I first read it, and others that had me thinking &quot;as if!&quot; If you can get past the whole parthenogenisis premise its an easier pill to swallow, but this time around I wasn't buying it. I also found the over zealous religious tones near the end to make this short novel drag out far too long.All in all I am glad I re-read it and encourage anyone who hasn't to do so.

review/helpfulness: 10/12
review/text: For their third album, Dredg have undergone a slight musical makeover. Make no mistake, this is still the same great band that brought you "Leitmotif" and "El Cielo," but on their latest effort, the group go for a more straight-forward, rock sound, as opposed to the sprawling concept albums of past. Each song on "Catch Without Arms" stands on it's own, and can be listened to out of arrangement and still make sense. As expected though, there is still an abundance of creativity and variety to go around. This ain't your average rock album, and just like before, Dredg still keep their signature sound intact.Now, if you have a problem with a group who streamlines their sound (what other people like to call "selling out"), keep the title of the album and it's respective song in mind. On the title track, singer Gavin Hayes lashes out at the groups record label to the point where it is so blatantly obvious and you start to wonder how they slipped this one by -- some sample lyrics: "I'm not your star, I'm not that beam of light, here to save your life, to make your wallet fat while mine is on a diet." Now, with keeping this in mind, it pretty much goes without saying that the style of this album was mainly imposed upon by Interscope records. So, don't get mad at the group if this album doesn't sound like you think it should. Despite the fact that they were under the gun to put something "Radio-friendly" out there, "Catch Without Arms" is easily one of the most unique and emotional albums in recent memory. If there is any justice in this world, this collection of songs will gain Dredg the notereity they so badly deserve. It's hard to deny the pure emotion in songs like "Ode To The Sun" and "Bug Eyes," which are, coincidentally, catchy as hell. Other songs show Dredg stepping out of the ordinary for a bit: "Sang Real" briefly touches on the group's rap-rock origins (yeah, you heard me), while "Spitshine" is pretty much the quintessential Dredg song, and "Matroshka (The Ornament)" sounds like something U2 would do and serves as a perfect closing piece to the album.If you have a problem with change and loved Dredg's first two albums, you are probably not going to enjoy or understand this album. However, if you have a broad taste in music, an open mind, and don't mind hearing the group simplify things a bit, you might discover one of the best albums of the year! Hopefully Interscope's pressuring pays off, because Dredg deserve some attention. I am now convinced that they are the #1 most underrated band of the moment. I can't recommend "Catch Without Arms," along with their previous work, enough. Anyone who appreciates music in general will find satisfaction in Dredg.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Bryan, I had the opportunity to meet you last year at my church. It had been so long since I heard any thing from you, that I was totally blown away, when I came to realize who you were. I must tell you that the &quot;Lord Thy God&quot; really is on your side, and that you really have been called to do all that you do; Singing, Ministering, and blessing the lives of such young girls and boys in ways that you will probably never know. You and your songs are a gift to both me and my children, Cierra and Maliek. Thank You! I would also like to let you know that I just recently found out that my father is a big fan of yours. That makes me feel really good because he is a hard one to please. You are an ispiration to Maliek because he wants to be able to sing just like Bryan (his big brother). By now, I hope you know who I am and remember, You are Loved. Keep living for God, doing his will, and you will receive an even greater anointing on your life. Jesus Cares For You! I can truly relate to every song on the Cd, &quot;Growing Up&quot;, especially, &quot;My God&quot;. You were so right when you said that the devil wants us to believe that God doesn't care and that he won't forgive. But for anyone, that may be in doubt, just know that God is true to his word: He will never leave you, nor forsake you. God, Can't lie, and God can't fail. Be blessed Bryan and continue to do the work and the will of God. For all that may be reading this, Bryan is truly sincere, caring, full of wisdom, and he really has the love of Jesus for every one. He is fearfully and very wonderfully made.

review/helpfulness: 1/7
review/text: I don't know how can this book be a classic. I haven't thought that I could find such absurd stuff in a book. Don't waste your time with it.

review/helpfulness: 5/25
review/text: If you read the Beats and about the Beats, you're eventually going to come to William S. Burroughs. He's very much a voice of the 1950s, post World War II. He was into the drugs, longer and harder and deeper than anyone else. He was into shocking the squares and living off the pathetic working class zombies. And it's all there on the page, man. A strong, unique voice that is still imitated decades later.Unfortunately for those of us living in the twenty-FIRST century, it's about as relevant as fins on cars. It's convoluted, drug paranoia with a created mythology about time and space travel that's all about shocking images of sex and death. It's not a story.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Cynical and cold story about a 'Benefactor', who creates together with his lackeys a state of totally depersonalized citizens: conscience is a disease, cruelty is a sign of love, without liberty no crimes can be committed, sex is planned ...The precursor of George Orwell's '1984' and, more, of Aldous Huxley's 'Brave New World', for the novel lacks the 'human' touch of '1984'. It remains more or less abstract, although it contains scenes worth a Bunuel.A book to recommend.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This is my second camcorder. My first camcorder was an early Sony 8mm. That was part of the reason I stayed with the format. I have used the TRV608 for a wide array of events, my kids are involved in music and sports so I have used the camcorder in many different situations indoors and out with outstanding results. One of my children used the camera for a &quot;movie&quot; for a school project and made a great grade.I am very pleased. The clarity is amazing and the low level performance is incredible. An S-video cable does help the video image. Perhaps one of the other reviewers had a bad camcorder, but I am glad I chose this camcorder.Sony reliability and quality is hard to beat. The only drawback I see at this time is the audio quality isn't up to digital, but since I wanted the better lowlight performance I went analog. Perhaps as the digital technology improves in lowlight I will go digital.

review/helpfulness: 3/9
review/text: Steve Berry's third book reflects an author more comfortable in telling a story. This increasingly popular novelist has developed a narrative style that allows the reader to ponder the material, yet experience recreational pleasure as well.In the prologue, a child named Lucia has just experienced her third now-famous vision of the Virgin Mary at Fatima.In response to questions from bystanders, Lucia explains, "It's a secret and the Lady told us not to tell." And it is that very secret, as well as the part of the secret the church does not reveal, that will keep a reader awake into the wee hours, turning the pages with expectation.All the characters in this book are more interesting and more rounded, especially the women. Even the sinister candidate for pope, Valendrea, comes around to grace, although it is a minimal sort of grace. Two central characters who have a past together, Colin Michener and Katerina Lew, undertake a journey that is not only physical but also spiritual. In the final pages, the narrator slips into Colin's voice. "He knew," goes the passage, "that of the thousands gathered around him, only he and Katerina truly understood. God was alive. He was there. Listening."The Third Secret entangles interesting characters in a web of deceit and a journey towards truth. That it may offend some because of the plot resolution comes as no surprise. But history supports bloodshed and strife not only in the Catholic faith, but in denominations that comprise every other major religion. History also supports a record of the subordination of women. Each major religion's dependence on women as childbearers, propagators of the future faithful, is well-documented. The novel also explores peripheral issues such as a person of color becoming pope.What is also inspiring to me as a reader with diverse interests and a curious rather than myopic intellect, involves the fact that only in a free country could a book like this be written. In a country where freedom of thought and expression is not allowed, such a book might be banned because those with power might place their own ideologies above those of the populace. That we have freedom of expression regarding religion is, in my opinion, one of the most important freedoms we have, considering our country was founded upon that basis.The Writer's Note at the end offers information on both facts and fictions. Secrets, mysticism, history and a just-plain-good tale entwine in a book that inspires musing after the covers are closed. You can't ask much more than that from a novelist.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: It truly hits right where you never wanted anything to hit. The poems make you think about exactly why you live and what makes you keep going. It doesn't settle for anything less than making you really think deeply about yourself. I gave it five stars because this book is truly one that everyone should buy... or at least read.

review/helpfulness: 13/14
review/text: I love Kal Nutritional Yeast. It has a delicious nutty flavor, and I put it on brown rice, salad and mochi. It is especially good mixed with flax borage oil. My cats are addicted to it, and I sprinkle it on their food as well. It is rich in B vitamins and about a gazillion amino acids. I always get the blue label, and at this price it was a tremendous bargain. I bought it online because for some reason New York City was out of it. Go figure, I guess the secret is out!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Man!That was the coolest movie I've ever seen and I want to buy it SOOOO much! But anyway Davey this "crazy 33 old Jewish guy" is like "the town bafoon". Adam plays Davey,Elonor who is Whitey's sister, who is hilarious and Whitey is the youth bastetball coach who is a really nice old man who does lots of good deeds including saving Davey from at least 10 yrs. in jail. You MUST see this great holiday movie! You just have to!

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: This book was a fabulous read. A funny, down-to-earth, modern-day romance,&quot;Getting Rid Of Bradley&quot; is a book I'd recommend to any romance-lover. Jennifer Crusie has a wonderful way of telling stories. Her writing is fabulously funny, direct and just screams with realistic dialog. There was never a moment where scenes became pointless, long-winded or boring, as I've found other romances to be. This is a great book to indulge yourself with. Happy reading!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This surprisingly stunning movie was really just something I rented, because I had seen everything else. I needed to watch a good movie, and not the commercial junk with overated computer graphics. Then I saw this one. They only had one copy of this movie in the store, so I thought that this would have to be a low-budget movie. &quot;Why the heck not&quot; I said to myself, and picked it up.I've never regreted that choice in all my life.What struck me, was an action movie with a poetic heart. In all the excellent shooting, there is an &quot;in between the lines&quot; essence of the beauty of life, portrayed differently in the many characters in the movie. Good acting by some, great acting by most. Ice-T does a good job playing the &quot;bad guy&quot;, and I'm tempted to say that this is one of Christopher Lamberts finest pieces of work.The ending of the movie, will probably disappoint some, but look between the lines here too, and also here you'll find that everything about this movie wreaks of excellence. You'll actually probably also come to the conclusion that the movie couldn't have ended better. This one is a true classic, and I am surprised it didn't get more storm than it got on its release. Well, let me just uproar a storm, and tell you to watch this movie. Action, humour, drama, heck it's got it all, and then some. Highly recommended warm hearted action movie!

review/helpfulness: 22/26
review/text: I first saw this film in a college cinema class. After we watched it, a long discussion ensued, led largely by the feminist-minded females (and males, for that matter), about the number of scenes where Brando was shirtless vs. the number of times Maria Schneider was (mercifully, Brandon kept his Haines on at all times). We talked about how this is a "male-eyed" film, about how Schneider's character is never as fully developed, etc., etc. (Frankly, I think a character who can utter the lines "You treat me like a woahr," is pretty well-developed.)Almost 20 years later, I realize there's no way a class of 20-somethings could have appreciated what we were seeing, and thus the true greatness of the film eluded young, high-minded college students more interested in Maria's nipples than in Brando's angst. For not once did any of us talk about the shattering scene where Brando confronts his dead wife. If there's anything from Last Tango In Paris I took with me, it's that, and the amazing acting therein. I really don't care about Schneider's boobs, which honestly aren't all that great anyhow.What makes this film great for me is the structure of an old(er), beaten down cynical man going through grief, who bumps into a young, fresh woman who doesn't really know who she is or why she wants what she wants. Schneider has said that Bertolucci kept her in the dark during much of the filming. One hopes it was to evoke this pure, almost wide-eyed performance from her and not out of any disrespect or cruelty, although Schneider late said she'd never work with him again. Her performance here is effortless. More importantly, there's a chemistry between her and Brando that works. It may seem strange to talk about chemistry in a movie where the male lead rapes and bullies the female lead, but it's there. Watch the scene in the bathroom, where he's shaving, and marvel at the spontaneous-sounding dialogue and the feeling that a real relationship is there.Brando is perfect for his role. The story unfolds slowly (they'd never make a film with this kind of pacing today), and Brando becomes at least somewhat more sympathetic (and complex) as it goes on. This isn't brute Brando but rather complex, deeply wounded Brando who brings out the brute in him only to keep the world at bay. After his catharsis he shows another side of himself, probably a more typical side, to Schneider and she just can't cope--it's hard for me to tell, even after repeated viewings, if it's because she's getting married to someone else (how happy she'll be remains in serious doubt to me), because she's afraid of a three-dimensional Brando who really seems now to want her for more than casual sex, or what. In some ways the ending was arbitrary, but it still struck me as more plausible and organic than similar sudden endings in The Night Porter and The Marriage of Maria Braun.Throughout, Bertolucci shoots most of the interior scenes between Schneider and Brando at sunset. Bathed in orange, they have a stillness and yet an intensity the other scenes lack. It seems orange is the color Bertolucci set aside for deep revelations and realizations. The film is distrubing, but somehow also cathartic. The feeling of wanting to say "F--- the world" is one many of us can relate to, something Brando himself did many times in his career.The print is scratched and the soundtrack somewhat tinny. There are numerous times where dirt or fuzz in the gate can be seen on the top or bottom edge of the frame for whole scenes. This is a film that cries out for a full-blown restoration. The DVD contains nothing else but the trailer, and a strange trailer it is. You'd think a DVD of a movie this famous would feature commentaries, documentaries, where-they-are-now type of featurettes, etc. This classic has been short-changed.But *do* many people today see Last Tango In Paris as a classic? This is somehthing I wondered as I read reviews online after seeing the DVD. Heralded as a masterpiece and a turning point in cinema when it was released, it is now clear that it was anything but. Rather than continue with personal films that sometimes disturbed the psyche and questioned the soul of the moviegoer, Hollywood and then other filmmakers turned to empty spectacle as the 70s waned, trading boobs for lightsabers. Last Tango was hailed in 1972 as a beginning of a new cinema, but it was also the end of it. With a few exceptions (The Unbearable Lightness of Being comes quickest to mind) this sort of film would never be made again, and Last Tango has become in some ways anachronistic. Just reading the online reviews, most of them probably written by people in their 20s for whom Terminator 2 is an ancient movie, it becomes clear that we don't really understand this sort of picture anymore, and are made uncomfortable by it. There's no simple line of action. There's no "plot." There are long stretches with no dialogue, or at least where the characters don't tell you in dialogue what they are doing. As television and movies have merged in style, technique and subject matter, Last Tango and other films from the period become more like museum relics than living, breathing cinema.Perhaps that's one reason why we haven't seen a restoration. Unless Criterion gets its hands on this film, I don't have much hopes. Too bad, because Last Tango represents a whole type of filmmaking that's largely unknown today, even to film "students," and if it is known it's becoming more of a curiosity than, as I said, living, breathing cinema. All the more reason to rent this, then, and witness a whole approach to movie-making that no longer exists--certainly not in the USA.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I'M A RETURNING USER OF THIS PRODUCT, HAVE WORN THIS BRAND, AND STYLE OF HI-TEC HIKING BOOT FOR SEVERAL YEARS. THE SHOE IS BOTH LONG WEARING, WITH ANKLE SUPPORT. I WORK OUTDOORS, IN WINTER WEATHER, SUMMER HEAT, AND RAIN. GOOD PRODUCT FOR THE PRICE. WILL BUY AGAIN. CHARLIE W.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: I nearly cried when I realized that this was an abridged version. There is no indication in the record. I was really looking forward to these CDs.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: I saw this movie for free at a European film festival, and I feel *lucky* to have done so! I liked it so much that I saw it again, and I loved it AGAIN! I'm hoping it goes mainstream so that it gets the audience it deserves (and video prices will go down ;-) ).Not only does it excellently execute ALL the elements of the film; it also leaves you thinking - about fate, luck, and even love. The way Tom Tykwer blends wonderful cinematography, infectious music, and innovative montages of different film techniques and formats into a highly immersive movie is sure to be appreciated by critics, serious movie aficionados, and masses alike. Emotionally, one feels immediate affinity and sympathy to the lead characters and their situation, the humor is seamlessly infused in the film (read: no jokes or comedic cliches, yet it WORKS!), and the powerful bond between Lola and Manni is very subtle, but very stated at the same time. If only for its sheer novelty and refreshing nature, I believe this film will be one that will be remembered in this century's movie history for its perfection in combining universal themes, visual and aural cinematic elements, classic film formulas, and, well, innovation!

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: I was so excited to finally be getting a rice cooker stateside! But I hate this one. Here are the reasons:1) No handles for the pot. I can't take the pot for the rice out without using a potholder or towel. There are no handles for easy lifting in and out.2) Pot is not secure. When I want to get my rice out, I have to use a towel or potholder to hold onto the pot because it won't stay still when I'm scooping out my rice.3) No beep for finished rice. Why isn't there a beep or a noise to indicate when the rice is done cooking?4) Over-warms rice. I left the cooker on with rice in it overnight, and instead of being yummy the next morning, it was mostly dried out and hard. What a waste of rice!In retrospect, I should have shipped my original rice cooker back with me from Japan. It had all these features, and I got it third-hand. Pay the extra money to get a real Japanese one, not an import.

review/helpfulness: 10/12
review/text: Save your money. The eargels split in two days. I used regular ear buds on the large size. They did hold the buds in the ear better, but no gain in sound quality. If you want the small and med, I'll send them to you for shipping. I have no use for them.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: If you've seen stray dogs in your city and wondered how they live, how they became homeless, and what finally happens to them, this book will tell you. This is the story of dogs on the street and one man who has dedicated his life to saving them.Randy Grim works every day with homeless dogs in the St. Louis metro area. These are dogs that were once pets, now abandoned by their owners. Or, they were born on the streets and have never known a safe and loving home. By the time Randy finds them in abandoned city warehouses and on busy streets, they have little faith in humans. It is his seemingly impossible job to convince them to trust again. He acclimates them to human behavior so that they can be adopted by responsible families. Randy's non-profit organization, Stray Rescue of St. Louis, is dedicated to saving the lives of dogs on the street.This is a story of heartbreak and hope. It is the story of dogs who were brutalized and who come to trust again. When we see how Randy's patient work can turn around even the most distrustful dog, we can celebrate that special bond that exists between man and animal. It will make many animal lovers sad because it details struggles of dogs on the street. But it will also serve as inspiration to show the rest of us what can be done!

review/helpfulness: 1/8
review/text: This is an excellent guide for the freshwater fisherman. Not only is the content helpful, the pictures are beautiful. A great Christmas gift idea for any fisherman/woman.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: My girls, 5 and 6, love this game. They have had it for about a year, and continue to play it at least once a week. Its not particulary educational, but not everything has to be. The maze at the end is difficult for my younger one, but my 6 year old will step in and help her with it. Overall, I highly recommend this software.

review/helpfulness: 11/14
review/text: The Executive Job-Changing Workbook by John Lucht is a Companion to Rites of Passage. It has numerous forms that are very useful in organizing a job search. It is clear, easily usable, and helps one control the organization of a varied job search. It is very cleaverly designed to take apart so that you can take one section in a briefcase on interviews. This helps recording and tracking search letters, phone calls, interviews, and thank you letters. A great help in a time consuming process.

review/helpfulness: 1/9
review/text: Though this story was written in a unique voice, it is not the great classic that everyone claims it is. It often wandered and was full of characters who's personality and dialogue (not to mention names) were all so similar that you could hardly tell them apart.Let's be honest, it's only trendy to read this right now because it was featured on Oprah's Book Club. Don't believe the hype.

review/helpfulness: 3/8
review/text: WHAT CAN I SAY......JUST ONE MORE GREAT CD FROM A BAND WITH NOT ENOUGH CREDIT. BUT ,IN A SICK WAY I LIKE IT THAT WAY IT MAKES MOTORHEAD CLOSER TO ME

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: I found this book immensley informative. A must read for every home owner. Harj Gill writes the information so it is easy for everyone understand. I cannot wait to put this plan in to action

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: This slim book is like a three-course meal, where the appetizer is yak anus tartare, the entree is three-day-old caviar, and dessert is a Three Musketeers bar. That is to say, the first part, the Customs House prelude, is so floridly antiquated and negligible, that all but the sternest high-schoolers who've never had a bar or bat mitzvah will give up and read the Wikipedia plot summary for Monday's quiz. However, once past that interminable overture, the story actually picks up a bit, though it never really takes flight, and the ending is...pat. Hawthorne's idea of the scarlet letter is much more ingenious than his execution: the seed never sprouts as high as it should.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: For many years, the Scarletti family history has been shrouded in curses and dark mysteries. Whispers of evil, murder and insanity have been going around the villagers about the family that rules their lands. They say that no bride has ever survived in the palazzo, and considering the number of women who have met their untimely death in what everyone has come to refer to as the Palazzo Della Morte (Palace of Death), it seemed that the curse is true.Unbeknown to the villagers, the current don has set his eyes on their healer, Nicoletta, the woman whose identity they have protected for fear that she will be branded a witch by those who might misinterpret her gift of healing. So how did Don Giovanni Scarletti find out about their beloved Nicoletta when no one has spoken of her to outsiders? Could the rumor be true then that he has powers because he is in league with the devil?THE SCARLETTI CURSE is a dark and mysterious novel filled with suspense and sensuality. Nicoletta is a very likable heroine, with her wit and exuberance. I loved the way she seemed to embrace life with such open arms. Her compassionate nature and youthful innocence is quite endearing. Giovanni's character is such a mystery. The way he treats Nicoletta with such tenderness is such a contrast from how people perceived him to be.I must say though that even though the author has done well in describing the atmosphere within the palazzo, including the design and architecture lending to the eeriness of the story, there were some parts that dragged a bit. I also didn't care much about the political intrigue, and thought that it wasn't blended in well with the story. I might have understood it more had the author bothered to actually tell us which date the story was meant to have happened (I'm only guessing 15th or 16th century). I know this seems trivial, but when I'm reading a historical novel, I do like to know what period it's supposed to be.Overall, this wasn't a bad book. I did enjoy the banter between the don and his barefoot bride. You can read about Giovanni and Nicoletta's descendant, Antonietta Scarletti, in Dark Symphony (which I'm reading at the moment).

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: Helter Skelter is a Beatles song. The Beatles are very powerful lyrically and musically, therefore starting these horrific crimes. The Beatles are powerful

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: These pants are really great. They fit well and rarely wrinkle. I like that they are really classic - I can wear them at the office and then I can wear them if I go out later in the evening as well. I have owned a lot of Docker's pants and they all last extremely well.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: It's hard to find a decent backpack with laptop pouch. Not too bulky, flimsy, or expensive, something comfortable, roomy, with sensible pockets. The Columbia Sportswear Umatilla Cyberpack fits the bill. Avoid snow/grey color, gets dirty fast. A little on the small side and doesn't sit well, flops over. Overall good.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I came across this novel by accident while trying to satisfy my daily addition, books on tape. Red Sky at Morning is a charming and humorous documentation of the complexity of teen years - the challenges of bullies, the development of sarcasm as a tool for pleasure and protection, the fear and anxiety of impending sexual maturity, and the bonding for long-lasting friendships. Richard Bradford kept me rivited and smiling. Only Mark Twain can claim a similar acheivement. This now part of my personal library to cherish again and again.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: Normally I'm not much into romance stories but I absolutely loved this book. This book had the right kind of suspense that made it impossible to put down. Kept me wondering what would happen right up until the end. Loved it! I am looking for anything else this author puts out.

review/helpfulness: 4/12
review/text: I just got this yesterday. I have crystal glassware, and the easy way for me to see if something is crystal or not is by simply tapping the glass.Well, when I tapped them, it sure didn't sound like crystal, rather it sounded exactly like glass. And I can't find the word "crystal" on the box anywhere. I was rather disappointed, but then again, what do you expect...

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I watched this series as a martial artist... I enjoyed the comedy and the story line i highly recommend this series (if the preview of the series interest you you wont be disappointed) The series is about a kid who trains his hardest in martial arts dispute his lack of natural skill in the arts....this has a lot to offer (martial arts comedy and soo much more )its definitely worth owning both seasons

review/helpfulness: 5/23
review/text: This book is about colonel Knox a leader of a freshly starting revolution in America. His mission is to carry around 200 cannons from Ticonderoga back to a city where British forces are docked. The main characters of this book are will Knox 19 year old brother of the colonel, colonel Knox in charge of expedition, J.P. a farmers son .I disliked this book. It drags on and never seems to end. Just when you think your going to get a fight there isn't one .the biggest problem they had on the trip was a river with too thin ice. What's so interesting about that? If I were you I would not buy this book. It is extremely boring.From a reader of this book

review/helpfulness: 11/12
review/text: Timeless, sublime, beautiful, otherworldly. Forget most of today's derivitive, mixing hip hop, copy cat, [stuff]. This is the real thing. Hassell was there on Terry Riley's original "In C" recording that changed music for all time. He's the first trumpeter with a new sound since Miles. He's deep into it, micro rhythms, polyphony, microtones, electronics everything. THERE IS NO ONE ELSE LIKE HIM. And this is arguably one of the best. Those who think Eno and his ilk invented alternative music should do a little more research, and find out who the real progenitors are.

review/helpfulness: 18/21
review/text: The book is poorly written with a lot of name dropping and gossipy insinuations. Into Thin Air, Climb, High Exposure are all better written and far more interesting. I think she figures if she refers to the &quot;mother goddess&quot; enough times she can pass the book off as feminist treatise. Lucky for Gammelgaard, she's a better climber than writer, or she'd be just be another fossil on the mountain. Don't waste your money.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Walker James has the assignment to infiltrate a Middle Eastern Terrorist organization called the Brothers of Darkness so that he may locate and destroy an anthrax lab before a deadly plot decimates the majority of the country's population. Walker's delinquent childhood and experience as a thief hold him in good stead as he walks the shadowy world of espionage. Indeed, Walker fits well into a world without the clarity of black and white, preferring to walk the ambiguous gray areas. He's earned the nickname The Ghost for his ability to slip in and out of seemingly impenetrable places. While he works well alone or as a part of a team, he's not prepared for his new partner. Jasmine LeBarr outmaneuvered him three years ago, and he's never forgiven her.Jasmine goes undercover as an emissary called Rose Mahrain with Walker accompanying her as her driver. She has a gift for gaining people's trust, and of getting them to underestimate her, which she uses to her advantage. While Walker calls her an opportunist who will go any length to get what she wants, Jasmine actually adheres carefully to her own moral code. Walker is dangerous to her well being as any man she's ever brought down. He's already hurt her once with his callous dismissal, and she refuses to be that vulnerable again. Indeed, their lingering attraction may prove to be the most dangerous aspect of the mission.Kylie Brant weaves an intriguing web of danger in this timely tale of terrorism and romance in BORN IN SECRET. Unfortunately, while the theme of first-born sons frames the narrative, it does not affect the plot as a whole, resulting in a tacked on feeling at the end. Nevertheless, BORN IN SECRET is a highly believable, vividly realized tale. The fast paced plot and the strong characterizations are nicely balanced, resulting in a tale at once deadly, yet richly balanced by powerful emotions and physical attraction. Jasmine is a vivacious and strong heroine who refuses to allow Walker's scathing comments regarding their shared history get to her. In addition, she knows exactly how to apply her feminine wiles to great advantage to the men she encounters. Further, Walker's James Bond-like charisma and looks, complete with cool spy toys, makes him a memorable hero. Highly recommended.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I read this book for AP English and had to do a blue-book assignment of it. The word &quot;ugh&quot; summarizes my experience.This book was written in the 19th century, and that's where it belongs. It wouldn't be nearly as bad if someone were to modernize the language used in the book, but reading through &quot;dost thou&quot; after &quot;dost thou&quot; isn't any fun.However, I highly recommend reading Richard Armour's take on SL in his book &quot;The Classics Reclassified&quot;.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: (...) This is a beautifully written book that manages, as successfully as any other book has, to capture the enormous wealth and breadth of the human experience -- from one family (and one town)'s point of view. No book could ever encompass the entire human experience; but this book does a hell of a job, beginning with the founding of Macondo to its eventual obliteration(guess how many years later). One reviewer states that reading the book feels like reading Genesis from the Bible, and I think that's about right.To those of you who dislike/have trouble with "magical realism," just relax. Yes, you'll have problems if you think literally but what are books for? What is fiction for? Fiction is MADE UP. Good grief. Pretend you're at a movie, suspend your disbelief and get into the beautiful writing and wit and humor. It's a difficult book at times and the fact that everyone has similar names is very annoying, but what rewarding book isn't challenging?After you read the book, find Marquez's short stories, some of which are about Macondo and flesh out some things that the book leaves out (e.g. Big Mama's Funeral Carnival).I don't like or watch Oprah, and her choosing of this book is a little disturbing because now she's plowing into the territory of books I not only can't sneer at but absolutely love. Well, I suppose it had to happen sometime.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I purchased CA's antivirus software because I had read some good reviews. After purchasing I downloaded the most current version. I installed it on one of three PCs in the house. All reasonably new and powerful Dells: 2 running McAfee and 1 running Norton. The first PC is XP Pro. The installation went smoothly, with only one "program must terminate" error that did not seem to affect the installation. I noted that the program was smaller in disk space and in memory footprint. I tested this for a week with only one occurrence of needing to reboot due to some obscure failure (red X over the icon in my system tray).I decided it was good to use and purchased two more licenses to install on the two XP Home machines in the house. This did not go well. Now, I have two machines that are requiring me to completely reinstall Windows. After removing both McAfee and Norton from these two respective PCs, they booted up fine. Then I installed CA eTrust Antivirus version 7.0.6.7 and the problems started. The PCs both would boot to the Welcome screen and then freeze. About 20% of the time when booting in Safe Mode they would finally get all the way to the desktop (after 30 minutes of chunking) only to get a message "Windows must now restart because the remote procedure call (RPC) service terminated unexpectedly". Then a 50 second timer starts and Windows and the PC reboots. The taskbar is unresponsive while Windows is up and the CPU is pegged. For this 50 seconds there is no way to interrupt the automatic shutdown. Basically, the installation of this software made the PC behave as if it was infected by a very bad computer virus.I spent 45 minutes chatting over the Internet with friendly Sameet. The final outcome of that painful communication was that Sameet types something like: "I must inform you that I am not authorized to work on this problem because it is your problem and I am not authorized."So, now I am reinstalling Windows XP Home on two machines and returning CA eTrust EZ Antivirus for a full refund. Looks like I will be sticking with Norton from now on. I think CA is rushing this product to market without doing enough testing. Don't buy it unless you like reinstalling Windows.

review/helpfulness: 13/14
review/text: This video is a documentary of The Animals and Eric Burdon's bands after the Animals broke up, up to and including War.There are quite a few interesting interviews and commentary but all the music contained herein is all just short clips.At least they mostly interview people relevant to the story, mostly Eric Burdon in a really laid back way. There are also interview clips with Chas Chandler, Alan Price, etc., but the appearances of Sammy Hagar is awkward & out of place. I guess since he says he saw them at Monterey it has some relevance.Very interesting stories about the Animals days, especially touring England on one bus with Jerry Lee Lewis and Chuck Berry, who apparently were not very compatible touring partners, to put it nicely. That story is a hoot. Also who knew that "House Of The Rising Sun" was done in one take, and their management (Michael Jeffries of Jimi Hendrix fame)and producer Mickey Most resisted even doing it. The story about Eric meeting Nina Simone was also very interesting. Interesting views about Jimi Hendrix, too, of whom Eric was supposedly a good friend of.You could tell that early R&R; management, producers, touring, etc. took its toll on musicians, even when they were strong and young. The Animals just got screwed from the get-go. No wonder why they didn't last.All in all, a good documentary for Animals, Eric Burdon (and the Animals), and War fans. My main gripes are a lack of identification of people being interviewed (at least do it on their first appearance), and music clips that only last a minute or two. Come on documentary makers, many of us want to see the ENTIRE song, not just a short clip. At least make it a menu item to watch the entire performances separately, if possible. Warning - if you must have a performance clip of the song "Sky Pilot", it does NOT appear here.Sound quality varies (stereo and mono) but is acceptable considering the sources.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: If you love seeing stuffed shirt heroes get their comeuppance, this is the book for you. Tarquin thinks he can pick his bride just as carefully as he might select the menu for an event. Naturally, nothing goes as he plans.Sibly is the unexpected guest -- the guest he really doesn't want -- and of course, the woman he really needs in his life. It doesn't take Tarquin long to figure out he would be crazy to marry any of his &quot;perfect&quot; brides, no matter how much planning went into their selection. It takes him a little longer to admit that the best choice has been in front of him all along.The would-be brides add much of the humor -- but the funniest moments come from Tarquin's reactions to the chaos.Though this is a farce, don't let that keep you away. There are also lots of passages of subtle humor. Now that I think about it, I might reread this shortly...Anne M. Marble Reviewer, All About Romance

review/helpfulness: 2/11
review/text: THIS BOOK WAS SO ENJOYABLE THAT I STAYED UP LATE JUST TO FINISH IT. HANSON AND GRETCHEN,WILL MAKE YOU SMILE ,MATILDA WILL MAKE YOU WISH THAT YOU HAD SOME OF HER DELICIOUS CANDY,DECLAN WILL MAKE YOU WISH THAT YOU HAD SOME OF THAT APHRODISIAC FOR YOUR HUSBAND (SMILE).WITH DECALAN AND MATILDA STORY YOU MAY WANT TO REREAD ALL OF OUR OLD FAERIE TALES ONCE AGAIN.THIS IS A KEEPER 4...STARS

review/helpfulness: 1/8
review/text: I was intrigued, horrified, and was ashamed for humanity in reading this book. It was well worth the read. I was cheering for the whales and actually felt good when the whale attacked and sank the ship!! Thank heavens for the environmental movement. It is overwhelmingly sad that so many tortoises and whales met their end during those days. Quite interesting, however, that we killed so many more whales in the 1900's than they did in that (and previous centuries) because of improved technology!The environmental movement has helped tremendously to save these great mammals, though I recently read that Japan is going to be killing whales again! And they are voracious eaters of creatures from the sea. I only hope they have strict limitations.The book was very educational, and you feel you are a part of the whaling community of Nantucket in the early 1800s as you read it.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I have an old Garmin etrek, which is a very basic and robust GPS. I always complained about the time it takes to find the satellites, but this HP device takes a lot longer!Even in open areas under blue sky, it takes several minutes to operate properly. I tried it in San Francisco, Chicago, Miami, and also in Brazil, where I live. The result is always the same: you walk or ride for a long time before it finds your position. Quite disappointing.Buildings and eletric cables interfere a lot with the reception, and very often you will lose signal. Bluetooth connectivity, though, works fine.Having a GPS associated with a PDA (I have an iPaq 4150) is great: there are great softwares available. But life would be a lot better if this unit was more sensitive. I wonder if other brands and models work better.(by the way: the navigation software is very good)

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I'm sick of all you people whining saying it's too fast or not like &quot;Life Won't Wait&quot; or not as catchy as &quot;And Out Come the Wolves.&quot; Rancid is Rancid. A sign of a good band is when each album is an evolution of the past. When every album is diffrent that shows the open mind of the band. Rancid makes the best music out there period. It's all good whether it be ska, reggae, punk, or the &quot;...bullet to the head..&quot;[Johnny 2bags] style punk thats fast and doesn't &quot;...give you time to breath...&quot; Bottom line, Rancid is the best band ever, since day one. If your a real &quot;fan&quot; you'll love and cherish any album that comes out by your favorite band. If Rancid put out a totall hick, country album I would listen to it just like any other Rancid album...with love. The &quot;Rancid 2000&quot; album rules. Go buy it. 5 stars, 4 thumbs up, refreshing, new, hardline punk rock. P.S. Rancid will kill you!

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: i would like to hear music via internet first than buy

review/helpfulness: 9/19
review/text: This is indeed a book of 3-line poems passing itself off as haiku. This is not harmful certainly UNLESS an unwary reader picks it up and assumes that it is, basing all future opinions of this delightful poetic form on The Haiku Year.&quot;There are those who regard haiku as a kind of 'do your own thing' poem, and never consider its foundations. But the haiku, as soon as it goes beyond the beginner's efforts, becomes a matter incorporating traditions and established values, aesthetic and otherwise, and can not be written well outside them.&quot; - Robert Spiess

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: The OdysseyThis movie was really good. It is the best movie I have seen in school. Some of my favorite characters are Athene (Isabella Rossellini), Odysseus (Armand Assante), Calypso (Vanessa Williams). The movie started off with Odysseus being called to fight in the Trojan War. It had good effects of how they hide in the horse. Odysseus ran into a lot of mythological creatures. Some of them helped him and some tried to make his trip back to Ithaca really hard. I liked the way Vanessa Williams played Calypso. She is a really good actress. I also liked the effects of Poseidon (Miles Anderson) it was really good how they had his face on the wave since he is the god of the sea. The best part to me is when Odysseus gets home and shoots the arrows through the twelve axes. I also like when Odysseus and his son fight the men who want to marry Penelope. It is really good when he hits everyone with an arrow and he hits one man going out he door to escape and the arrow goes out of the man and hits the woman I think who is suppose to take care of Odysseuss son. This movie was really and I hope to watch it again in school some other time.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: In Understanding August Wilson Professor Bogumil covers six of his plays: Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, Fences, Joe Turner's Come and Gone, The Piano Lesson, Two Trains Running, and Seven Guitars. The book opens with a chapter on August Wilson as an African American playwrite that talks about his life as well as what sets his plays apart from thos of other African American playwrites. Professor Bogumil ties in Wilson's plays to societal facotrs, and has crafted a very fine and scholarly work that makes August Wilson's writing more approachable and understandable to anyone from students to casual readers.

review/helpfulness: 4/8
review/text: Excellent resource on Enterprise Risk Management.The author draws upon his 20 years' rich real world experience to drive the subject to home. It offers valuable insight, which is rare to find elsewhere. This book is not only up to date and comprehensive, but also particularly practical.As a risk analyst with more than 6 years experience, I highly recommend this book to those who are in this field and to those who have interests in this field.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: Someone at Sony must like the idea of pairing Schubert's "Trout" quintet with his Arpeggione sonata, as two years before this recording the label had already published the same coupling played by Emmanuel Ax, Yo-Yo Ma and friends (Schubert: "Trout " QuintetorSchubert: Quintet, Op. 114 "The Trout" / Sonata, D. 821 "Arpeggione", see my comments). But in this newer one by L'Archibudelli (with mainstays fortepianist Jos Van Immerseel, violinist Vera Beths and cellist Anner Bylsma), besides the inclusion of the beautiful "Notturno" in place of the Lied on which Schubert had based his variation movement, the major difference lies of course in the use of period instruments. Well, "period" in a broad sense, not so much because some of the instruments used date from the early 18th century (after all, string players in the time of Schubert might indeed have been playing on instruments a century-old), as because Bylsma uses in the quintet a cello built some 15 years after the composition of the piece; more questionable still is the fact that he does NOT use an actual Arpeggione in the eponymous sonata, but a 5 stringed piccolo cello from 1700 - the same one that is more appositely featured in his 1990 Bach Viola da Gamba recording on Sony, (J.S. Bach: Sonatas for Viola da Gamba; J.C.F. Bach; Sonata in A). The Arpeggione, also called by its inventor, the Viennese guitar-maker J.G. Staufer, a "guitare d'amour" and also known as the "guitarre-Violoncell", is actually a cello-sized, guitar-shaped instrument with 6 strings tuned like a guitar and sharing with that instrument a few more technical characteristics but actually bowed like a cello rather than strummed. Now the whole point of period instruments seems to me to lie in the search for an "authentic" sound, e.g. a sound as close as possible to what it might have been in the time of composition and in the mind of the composer, and as it is, Bylsma's 5-stringed 1700 instrument is no more authentic than a modern cello. The LP recording of Schubert's sonata made in 1974 on an actual Arpeggione (kept in the Berlin Museum of Music Instruments) by Klaus Storck, for Archiv, has unfortunately not been reissued, and the recent CD recording made on the same instrument by Gerhardt Darmstadt for Cavalli isn't so good (Der Arpeggione, see my review), so Bylsma's choice is an opportunity missed.But let us not fuss over these petty details, and welcome what we get, all considerations of "authenticity" aside. In terms of sound color, all those exposed to period instruments will know what to expect here: soft-grained string tone but also somehow less focused and more rough-hewn than modern instruments, which I find quite easy to adjust to; more dramatic differences are with the fortepiano, again soft-grained, with a general lack of resonance and short decay time as well as brittle top, making it sound somewhat like a toy-piano or the old out-of-tune salon piano you might still find in your grandmother's attic. It certainly does not elicit much sense of power and drama. Now how one reacts to that is a matter of personal taste, but I certainly do not think that it invalidates the use of modern instruments.Besides playing on period instruments, Archibudelli's main interpretive slant in the "Trout" seems to be to zip through as fast as possible. Indeed, timings in each movement are the fastest or near-fastest I have met on the 20 or so versions I have heard on CD, including the swift-moving Ax-Ma & friends (Sony, see above) or Ad&egrave;s-Belcea (EMI,Ad&egrave;s: Piano Quintet; Schubert: "Trout Quintet"). Their first movement is brisk, even hurried, rather short on charm, tenderness and the long, lyrical respiration (although the violin and cello interplay has plenty of feeling) but very dynamic, with nervous accents. These 5 pals obviously have an evening appointment back in Vienna and can't afford to idle their time away on their countryside fishing outskirt! In defense of such an approach one may point that the opening movement is written "Allegro vivace" - but it is also in 4/4 time signature and not 2/2. Likewise Archibudelli's "Andante" is forward-moving, urgent, with dynamically dry and pointed fp phrasings at 0:59, but also with not much repose and respiration, and instrumental colors that lack a touch of fullness, resulting in a not so lyrical viola and cello cantilena at 1:19. For the scherzo they take Schubert's "presto" at face value (perhaps forgetting along the way that it is a 3/4 time signature and not a 3/8) and chose a tempo similar by a couple of seconds to the one adopted by Ax-Ma and friends, but unlike them (and commendably in my opinion) do not relax the tempo in the middle trio. I find that it is in the variation movement that their dynamic approach works best, as it fills the music with zest and carefree humor, while avoiding any mawkish fussing over theme and variations. The finale moves forward with decision - our pals seem happy and proud to have their "Trout" and in a hurry to go home and eat it. Still, another version on period instruments, by Hausmusik, originally on EMI Reflexe (paired with Hummels quintet for the same instrumental combination,Schubert: Trout Quintet/ Hummel: Piano Quintet - Hausmusik, see my review) and now in a cheap (at least, it was released as such), 5-CD box on Virgin (Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, Mendelssohn, Hummel: Chamber Music [Box Set]), seems to me preferable because less radical in its interpretive approach.As a weighty filler, all considerations of instrument put aside, Byslma and Van Immerseel contribute a fine, lyrical and light-footed reading of the Arpeggione sonata, if neither as dynamic and virtuosic as Ma and Ax's nor as profound in tone color and mood as in the classic 1968 recording of Rostropovich and Britten (Schubert, Debussy / Rostropovich, BrittenorRostropovitch plays Schubert, Schumann, Debussy and Britten).

review/helpfulness: 7/9
review/text: For children 10 and up. The many inspiring perils and adventures of St. Paul - all endured to bring the Gospel to heathen nations. A truly great inspiration to both children and adults.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: This product was ok but I could of found something alot better to use for my scar. This product just takes a little bit to long to start working.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: ... because that's all you need to hear. Absolutelyincredible. Aeris' Theme, The Overworld Theme and the most evilvillian music ever- One Winged Angel have all been arranged to a fullorchestra.The rest of the tracks are just mediocre in comparison,but the OST to VII was solid anyway, so they're good to hear.Butunfortunately, unlike the Final Fantasy VIII Arranged album (which isalso sold on amazon ... GET IT), 90% of these tracks are old and justrecycled off the original soundtrack. If you're a diehard fan and mustown everything, get it... those three songs are incredible. If youthink paying [this much] for three songs is too much, well- then passon this one.

review/helpfulness: 7/9
review/text: In Athena's Camp is, in my eyes, one of the most important books in the area of security policy at the given momnent, alongside 'Sources of Conflict', which has been published by Rand, too. I used the book in a term paper I wrote for political sciences, in which I examined the coming threats in context with the momentary policy of the german government (as I am German and studying here). The book was of utmost importance to me in this case, as it is, as far as I know, the only book covering this topic on such a high level of quality at the moment. Further research also revealed to me, that the momentary german policy is utmost abysmal, and that, surprisingly, the German Green Party, B&uuml;ndnis 90/ Die Gr&uuml;nen, would maintain the best policy in case of election (just for your information). To all students of political sciences worldwide who love researching the field of global and societal change through the information revolution, get it.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: We had been searching for childbirth classes and could only find classes that cost around $150. Most of them were only 1 day and would last around 8 hours. We decided to try out this DVD class first. We love it. She is funny but has managed to communicate a lot of knowledge. Plus we can review when we get closer to the actual birth.

review/helpfulness: 10/13
review/text: I'll keep it short and simple.At least for me, there are moments in life that redefine pain and pleasure. A point that you can use to envy or be thankful for. Like if you won the lottery. I'm sure that every good thing that happened to you from then on would be slightly paler in comparison. You might get a free bun from cinabon and think, "Mmmm, this is a good bun...but it's not as good as that one time I won the lottery.Rollerball is the opposite of winning the lottery. If the lottery was where once a year someone was picked to get puched in the face on world-wide television, and one year it happened to be you, the feeling you would get of dread and unjustice would be close to how it feels to watch Rollerball. Rollerball redefined pain for me. Last month I had a horrible case of the stomach flu and spent most of 2 days staring into the toilet. During that time I was seriously thankful that at least I wasn't watching Rollerball.I guess that is at least one benefit of the movie, and justifies it getting one star. Now all the bad things that happen to me don't seem to be that bad anymore. Car Accident? Well at least I'm not watching Rollerball...Pet Died? At least the pet is in a place where I am sure this movie does not exist...Forget to pay the rent and get kicked out of your appartment? You get the picture.Money spent on paying someone to physically harm you is money better spent than buying Rollerball. Because Rollerball hurts you in more ways :(

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I really wanted THE MOTHMAN PROPHECIES because I thought that the story of the Mothman would be fascinating reading, a really intriguing narrative of the sightings of the tall, grayish man with wings and red eyes who could take off in flight straight up off the ground, an interesting examination of the myth and the legend. There is something to me very frightening about this type of legend, and I was eager to read the exploration of sightings around Point Pleasant, Va., in 1966 and 1967 before the Silver Bridge collapsed and nearly 40 area residents died in the tragedy. What a great tale could be told, I thought...I am still waiting. This book is not well structured or told. It seems to be the dumping ground of every otherwordly event Keel has ever seen or heard of. There is little narrative arc here or suspense. Keel has the mistaken notion that loading the book with every bizarre occurence he's ever been told or witnessed gives him credibility, but it is actually the opposite. He and his "colleagues" saw so many UFOs and strange lights in the sky in West Virginia (and other places across the country) in the late 1960s, that one simply cannot believe that there isn't more corroboration of these sightings.Keel does say that he doesn't believe in beings from other planets, but rather beings from a dimension outside of our own who like to make trouble for us, find things out about us, and sometimes warn us of things that are going to happen. Because of their inexperience with earth time, they often use out of date slang and drive old cars that are in mint condition and still smell new. For some unexplained reason, the "people" from this other dimension seem always to wear thick-soled shoes.Keel as a true believer is a poor writer of a convincing book, as he often justifies a witnesses credibility by saying that they are respectable people, or some such qualifier. He anticipates, then, no need the reader might have to be convinced that thousands of sightings of UFOs and Mothman may need some evidentiary backup. This lack of the writer's disbelief and proof, the lack of any plot or arc and the muddled content of the book make this work a solid disappointment. Someone needs to let me know if the book that can be written about this ever is written.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Gentle readers, beware! Finnegan's Wake is the most difficult book I have ever tried to read. Joyce's play with language, plot, and myth make for one of the most difficult readings in the history of literature.On the other hand, I can say (honestly) that the last ten pages of this book are my favorite in all the world of books. After the twentieth reading, or so, they began to make enough sense to my feeble brain for me to fall in love with this truly spectucular work of language.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: My son's day care showed the Elmo Firehouse Video and he was very scared! He cried so hard they had to remove him from the room. He is 2 1/2 years old. He still is concerned most days as we pull in the driveway that they will show it again.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: We have used this mattress a couple of times now on camping trips. It works great. And with the double levels it still provides more than enough support even though it lost just a slight bit of air overnight. No more waking up on the ground!

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: I have just read the Dutch translation of this book and the three next ones. They are all very good written, I couldn't stop reading, and because of my busy job I unfortunately couldn't read them as fast as I could, so it took me a month.Normally, I don't like romantic books. But these are of a very different class, and I consider myself to be very cynical (hey, I even write this review).What impresses me are not just one major point, but a lot of things. The depth of the characters, the broad description of the surroundings and the way of life, the humour, the change of pace in the storylines, the good continuity and internal consistency, the many details and still an eye for the whole story.In thick books and series of books, the details often are not consistent with the previous chapters and books. I couldn't find such inconsistencies here.The stories are written in such a way, that I often felt like Ayla. I could see the people, the nature, the animals, in my imagination. It's nice to go further than the books go, like imagining what happened to any survivors of the earthquake, or how Durc is developing into manhood, or how Broud might be dethroned as leader of the clan.The only minor point I can think of is the description of the sexual intercourse, which happens a lot over the four books. Some older women I know personally made me clear that it is very special to have it described as this in good books as these.It is indeed quite emancipatory for women, to read about a girl that dares to do things that are not commonly accepted. When she grows up, she becomes a self-aware woman, almost a hero like Odysseus, inventive, brave, strong, beautiful, smart and with a pleasant character. Who wouldn't like to be like her?The four books also give me a good feeling about the era in which the stories happen. It almost makes me understand the human race better, it almost makes me a bit less cynical (how is it possible that the human race survived after all the things it went through, after all the atrocities and stupidities...).All in all, I think Jean Auel wrote four fantastic books and I can't wait for her to finish the fifth. And now I know there is a movie about Ayla, I want to see that as well.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: The original transformers were meant to be a two sided commodity, to be so one half would be a cartoon and the other an action figure line. The cartoon, to be successful would have to be accepted by kids and their parents. To please children it contained action, cars, and a variety of characters, some silly some serious. To please parents the shows would have a passing moral and a code of conduct. In the first animated Transformers movie that code changed and Optimus Prime died.As I skimmed this movie I was treated to a world of unrealistic fantasy. There seemed to be some fun points, but overall this was a silly movie that crammed together pop icons, more story than was really useful, unbelievable relationships and situations (this is with suspension of disbelief at level 11) and a complete lack of any moral. In fact, when the final battle came to a conclusion it was the hero of the Autobots who took it into his own hands to brutally kill his two foes. The only good thing about this ending is that those foes would be necessary for a sequel. Optimus Prime and the entire cast of characters are all very much adult, all very much amoral when it comes to the enemies they face and the enemies the Autobots face are of course very amoral themselves.So it comes down to a question of who cares. Who cares if the main human character has trouble finding a job, his girlfriend is smoking hot (but didn't she have black hair at some point?). Who cares if the Earth is threatened, we know it isn't going to be destroyed anyway. Who cares about the Autobots, they are friendly to humans, but they are just as violent as the Deceptocons when you get down to it. Who cares about the humans, they are a bumbling mess. Who cares about those two ity bity Autobots? Wait, I did, I actually thought their deaths (if they did die) were quite heroic.So that is that, the stakes were low, my investment was low, and this movie, though a commercial success will surely go on the list of rarely watched movies from the teens because it truly sucks.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: As a fan of both Costello and Frisell, I was pleased to see this record come out - it's been a long tradition in jazz to play around with pop songs, and I thought it was an exceptional idea to choose them from this great Costello/Bacharach album.The result is terrible, however. Yeah, everyone is playing the notes very nicely, but these are merely rote and exceedingly pallid, mainly instrumental verions of the originals, which on the first album are full of much more passion and spontaneity. There is no imagination or inspiration here, no sense of even an attempt to make the music their own. It seems inexplicable that no one involved in this project could hear how dull and lifeless it was. And on a personal level, Billy Drewes is a taste I perhaps will never acquire. Don't waste your money, this is an awful record.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: Those days it's kind of hard to find a regular caliper without a battery inside. Found this one (Empire Level 2784 Vernier Caliper, 4-3/4) on Amazon, but other than an OK accuracy, all left are cons: the edges are very sharp; the sliding part is super tight; the scale markings are not clear; the finish is probably the lowest quality you would expect from a caliper, it looks dark/gray as if it were taken out in the middle of production line. After an hour or so taking the caliper all apart, sanding and tension reducing (2 little spring plates), it's now look and feel like a normal caliper; without this self-adjusting, this item is hard and unsafe to use.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: Someone's watching. The government has you entrenched in a conspiracy so deep, where a national tragedy gave leadership the opportunity to seize all of your rights in the name of your personal protection. No, this isn't the Patriot Act- it's "1984," a dystopian Science Fiction novel by George Orwell, the author of "Animal Farm." Written in 1949, "1984" hardly seems as dated as its title might imply. Really, nothing could be farther from the truth. The world set up by Orwell, over seen by Big Brother and his invisible band of Thought Police, has people political prisoners within their own country. Winston, a worker in the Record Department of one of the three ministries (The Ministry of Truth, or Minitrue), finds his mind resisting the world he's given, not completely accepting the "news" he's given, as well as doubting his contentment. He enters into a relationship, finds himself contacted by an underground resistance, and comes to discover some of the more dangerous traits of the Party. Orwell's "1984" is an extremely well written political masterpiece, which traces societal trends in an innovative and pessimistic sort of way.From the beginning, Orwell introduces new touches of technology made from innovations in his time. Things such as telescreens (basically televisions with the capability to communicate with and spy on members of the outer party) and speakwrites (a microphone that transcribes dictations) give a modern sense to the novel, while keeping it somewhat futuristic, even in modern times. No extravagant inventions like space ships or teleporters are touched on, so there isn't a feeling of inaccuracy or over-optimism that seems to be common in more ambitious science fiction media. Honestly, I found myself wishing that something such as a speakwrite existed for homework assignments, or even writing this very review; however, I didn't get that overwhelming sense of "Yeah right, nothing like THAT existed in 1984" from the position of being here in 2007.Orwell brings out the political message of the novel most obviously by using the supposed revolutionary Goldstein's book. The chapters from Goldstein's book are inserted into 1984 as Winston reads them. Although these excerpts read something like stereo instructions or college dissertations, it really affirms the politics behind Orwell's writing. The three political bodies, or countries, in this novel consist of Oceania, Eurasia and East Asia. Oceania includes the United Kingdom, Eurasia includes the Soviet Union and Eastern Europe, and East Asia includes China and Japan. The fact that Orwell had the foresight to predict a lot of specific traits of world politics (such as the takeover of one party regimes in China) and the escalation of current world politics (such as the arms race and the containment policy against the Soviet Union) absolutely floored me. There were times when I was reading through sections of Goldstein's history where I simply had to put it down, because some of the events supposedly taking place in the fifties and sixties I had just learned about in my history class as taking place around then. That in and of itself is not only brilliant, but very powerful; just knowing that the book predicted some of the things that happened gives more credibility to the more radical things Orwell predicted. That's what's so strong about "1984;" there's this sense of "It could happen."SPOILER WARNINGS!Another strength of the novel was the relationship between Winston and Julia. Although I personally didn't like Julia - (she struck me as a very odd sort of a rebel who didn't even seem to know what she wanted) - her character was perfect for the novel. Her quirky unpredictability and her complete disregard for authority showed how even the most seemingly active Party members harbored deep reservations about the life they were living. Also, her somewhat shallow and lukewarm interest in politics was a good portrayal of the way people would begin to act after living under an oppressively totalitarian regime. It was admittedly strange to me how Winston was impressed by how many men Julia had managed to sleep with, but their relationship was still believable. Both of them had the fundamental desire to rebel against the system, and they channeled that towards sex. Fortunately, I couldn't personally relate to that, but it did represent a form of rebellion on Orwell's part against people who want to turn sex into a utility and take all of the pleasure out of it.The ending, however, was the most potent part of the novel. When Julia and Winston are caught and tortured, and Orwell describes the nightmarish ordeal Winston is put through, the reader really comes to understand how Winston develops. Throughout the entire novel, Winston's progression from a nervous rebel, to a carefree rebel, to a penitent traitor was perfectly delineated by Orwell. After Winston suffers through his torture and decries everything- his distaste for Big Brother, his suspicion of changing information, his mental rejection of double speak- he becomes just another guy. Another drone under Big Brother, a man who loves and follows Big Brother and works for Big Brother. At first, I admit I was disappointed. I kind of hoped for some sort of upset, a little sense of rebellion or even a feeling that something might have changed because of what Winston did. That lack of closure in that sense, however, was actually really good for the book though. It just shows how hopeless, how drone-like, how terrible an existence under a complete ruler can be, and how there really isn't any hope of the dystopian society changing after it has come in full swing. It really drove home that people should actively keep their most basic rights, and never let them slip away."1984" was one of the most contemporary feeling books I have ever read that was written before the 80's. It's well written, engaging, exciting and interesting, and provides intellectual fodder as well as personal enjoyment. There is suspense, love, and introspective thought, and the entire novel is building up towards the big twists on the end. Personally, I think "1984" is one of the best of its kind, and was a better political metaphor than Alduous Huxley's "Brave New World" or even Orwell's own "Animal Farm." However, you'll never be able to look at your government the same again- Big Brother is watching you.

review/helpfulness: 6/11
review/text: After reading Thinkand grow rich I really liked Mr. Hill but found some of his teachings strange. This book on the other hand was great, it had good info and it made a point (that the master key to riches is your mind). I really enjoyed this book. One problem is that much of the teachings come from a new age background, without going into great detail I will just say that one should use disernment while reading this book it has great stuff but also some dangerous stuff.

review/helpfulness: 12/17
review/text: I do not think I am exagerating when I write that this woman has created an empire in which she is enabling people to become seriously overweight and possible worse health problems. This woman adds fat, additives, and perservatives when there is not need at all. For example, she adds mayonnaise to store bought salad dressing, basically for no reason. But most of all, she is advocating that packaged foods are the way to go. That is simply not good. The human body is meant meant to take in the amounts of chemicals that are contained in her recipes. Check the labels; if you see chemicals, don't eat it! If you care about your health, you will stay clear of Sandra Lee.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: As I was reading this book, I had thought some of the same ideas in this book before reading it. The idea of ending racism, but not forgetting it. I know, it's easier said than done. If we (people of the world) or let's just start with the U.S., weren't so thick-headed, I believe we could achieve this. A great read for those who don't want to continue on the same catastrophic path of we've been walking for the past hundreds of years. It can start with the present generation. Remember, whether you believe in a higher power than humans or not, we do have brains and have implemented far more complex notions.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Soon after my baby shower our doctor ordered me on bed rest. She said I wouldn't be able to attend a regular lamaze class and recommended this DVD. Happily, my sister had just given it to us as a shower gift. It was a joy to watch and very informative.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: First off, allow me to correct a common mistake that was made by more than one reviewer here: This is most certainly not the first film ever made where animated characters interact with live actors. Pete's Dragon (1977), Mary Poppins (1964) and Song of the South (1946) all predate it, and if you want a lesson in cartoon history, so does Gertie the Dinosaur (1914). But that doesn't mean Who Framed Roger Rabbit is not a landmark film. It was revolutionary for its degree of interaction between the toons and the human characters, done so perfectly that they seem completely natural at first glance, but then amaze when you take a closer look - little things like Jessica Rabbit pinching Eddie Valiant's cheek, or Roger Rabbit hiding under the water in Valiant's sink, or beneath his coat, little details that took very creative special effects to be made convincing. It's also unique and original in the fact that some of it takes place in the real world, featuring animated characters, and some in an animated world, featuring live actors; and in that manner, it predates Cool World, Space Jam and anything following.Who Framed Roger Rabbit is wonderfully funny, directed more at an adult audience than children. Bob Hoskins and Christopher Lloyd make a terrific impression in the lead roles, and manage to stay remarkably serious and convincing while conversing and interacting with entirely imaginary characters. Charles Fleischer is beyond brilliant in the voice of Roger Rabbit (as well as that of Benny the Cab) and Kathleen Turner as Jessica Rabbit is also terrific, a femme fatale so classic that it's ridiculous. The entire film excels with intelligent humor that would appeal to both children and adults, and it's a treat for animation buffs, with references to historical toons from the Foxy cartoons of the 20s, through Betty Boop, Dumbo and Bambi to Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse.Who Framed Roger Rabbit is one of the defining films of my childhood; I think that's true for almost anyone born in the 80s. I still have a warm place in my heart for Roger and Eddie Valiant, and a cold one for Judge Doom, who gave me nightmares for weeks after I saw it upon its initial release when I was four (he still gives me chills, by the way, when he first starts talking in his squeaky voice). If you somehow manages to avoid it, do watch it, and if you're willing, it's well worth the purchase, too.

review/helpfulness: 12/15
review/text: I have recently joined the Roman faith. I found this book to do an excellant job at using the Bible to show where Catholic teaching comes from. I found that Catholicism and Protestantism are very closely related. We do have some political and some idealogical differences. However, we are united in Christ which does make us brothers and sisters in faith. This book is great if your a Protestant and are just curious about the Catholic faith. It really helped me become more firmly rooted in Catholicism. Thanks, Alan Schreck!

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I think that The Haunting is a good scary movie(as opposed to movies like &quot;Scream&quot;). Instead of dealing with pyscho people running around in masks, it actually deals with the supernatural which is always fascinating. The movie was cast very well and the special effects are incredible. The ending however, twisted the movie into a theme of bliss, contentment, and nurturing. A good scary movie should leave you with a sense of &quot;what will happen next?&quot;. On the other hand, it would be hard to have a nightmare about it! All in all, it is a good movie that really screams the theme &quot;good vs evil&quot;.

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: The Man Who Never Was creates a solid war movie that is better known for the plot, but not for the suspense. The plot is billiant...plant fake invasion plans on corpse, and hope the Germans fall for the bait.Unfortunately, good plot movies end up &quot;connect the dot&quot; themes unless there is real suspense. Everthing goes pretty much according to plan and we don't have the &quot;Dial M For Murder&quot; or the &quot;39 Steps&quot; type of intrigue. For example, the British pretty much rubber stamp this project, despite the severity of the plan. Yes, there is discussion of the plan, but one could be arguing for more orders of ballpoint pens versus inkwell pens. Then, the villain, the one who is supposed to check out the story, pretty much covers a routine checklist that any failed detective would follow. It is not clear why he would go to extremes of sacrificing his life to determine the validity of the plot. There is little character development. Surely, there would have been better ways to obtain the truth, especially once he gets most of the clues. For example, the non-membership of the deceased at the club...following Lucy to see if she goes to any memorial services, etc. The villain would thus be hidden and not expose his identity.Still, one should not be too harsh. The plot is based on a true story and this itself gives admiration to the wartime effort of the British to beat the Germans. One can only imagine the courage of the Bristish soldier( played by Clifton Webb) in a formalized structure of the British hierarchy to not only propose this plot but to execute it. But that is why we are really ready to dodge some bullets and swing at the curve balls.I think then we would have gotten a better flavor of the team work needed to make this plot work. Then this would have been a great movie rather just a good one.

review/helpfulness: 4/8
review/text: This book was excellent since Mr.Stampp doesn't impress his conclusions on the reader but rather presents a landscape of the ante-bellum south inwhich the reader can for there own opinion.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: The book gives a thorough discussion on the PRACTICAL implementation of the Transactional Ananlysis &quot;I am OK, You are OK&quot; theory.It is therefore a must read if you are into Transaction Analysis or you just want to imporve your leadership skill.Please remember to come back to give this review a vote after you have purchased the book and have read it form cover to cover.P.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I waited for this movie to come out and was disappointed with it. It is a fair story with many Hollywood history mistakes. Not all German planes were red, not all German planes were Fokker Triplanes (only around 300 made) they had a short run because of manufacturing problems, wings would come apart in a dive. The real airplanes of that time could not do half of the aerobatics that they show in the movie, they also would self destruct from G forces. They were mainly wood and fabric. They had 2 lions (whiskey & soda) not just one. There was a black pilot, but he came in late in the war and only had 1 and possibly 2 confirmed kills. I am now waiting for the new movie "The Red Baron" that was made in Germany and will be released on May 10th in Europe. It at least looks very accurate compared to the garbage that they put into The Flyboys. The movie is fair, but I would not go out of my way to purchase it if I new of all the historical mistakes in it. The producers even state they changed a lot of facts so that the average person would find it entertaining and not get confused at who was the bad guys. (Germans in red airplanes, "Red Baron")

review/helpfulness: 5/8
review/text: This book originally came to my attention when I saw it in Publisher's Weekly. Now that I've read it, I'm stumped by their recommendation. Until I saw (to my shock) so many reviews here, I would have said this book has no life outside of maybe a writer's workshop. Even the publisher seems resigned to not selling the book, based on the horrendous cover they stuck on it. Who would look at that and pick it up?I mention writer's workshops because that's all I can think of when I read this: an author aware of but not absolutely in command of techniques and styles, playing with language like a toy, to the detriment of character and story. In one scene where Jim and his uncle pull into the big city of Charlotte in the middle of the night, he writes, &quot;Streetcars floated all around them. The streetcars were sound asleep, and Jim hoped the truck wouldn't wake them up.&quot; Jim's ten years old. He is too old to believe streetcars might really &quot;wake up,&quot; and too young to think metaphorically/poetically. That's the author's voice. He frequently puts things into his characters minds and mouths that don't belong there, and all it serves to do is distance the reader.The situation did get better once Jim got into school. I suspect playground politics are familiar to all of us, and those parts came more naturally. Also the moments just before Jim figures out that his uncles are only teasing him about one thing or another are always quite nice. There's a lot of potential with this family, and the scenes that do work well only make me wish he'd taken me deeper into them, without the book itself getting in the way.Ultimately it's a not-unpleasant book, with the biggest problem being the constant awareness of the author's hand. He was an extra character in every scene (Like that Visa commercial, I could hear his voice saying, &quot;What I was trying to do here was...&quot;), and he kept me from really getting inside the story. I hadn't thought of it as children's literature until so many reviewers mentioned it, but maybe that's really what it should be.

review/helpfulness: 5/12
review/text: Roman Polanski's 1968 "Rosemary's Baby" was his first American film debut. He had already directed a film based on another book by Ira Levin that starred French actress Catherine Deneuve. Ira Levin's novel was a best selling work of horror in the late sixties. The film, for the most part, is true to the book and it's very likely fans of Ira Levin's novel were satisfied with the film adaptation. Roman Polanski, Polish-born, was the right director for the film. His life story is tinged with loss and sorrow that could easily translate into cinema with biting cynicism and horror. A young Mia Farrow who might have been appearing in her film debut, plays the title heroine Rosemary Woodhouse and John Cassavetes plays her husband Guy Woodhouse. On DVD, this film, which may appear dated and even old fashioned to many modern horror fans, appears appropriately chilling and eerie, especially for its use of subtlety which is lost in the wake of today's horror. The musical score is jazz-like but dramatic and scary. The New York City atmosphere, the 60's milieu and the credible and convincing performances by all the actors makes this novel extremely haunting and intense, even if there is no blood or gore. The real meat of this film is that the horror is invisible, it's simply there, acting as normally as the normal-behaving people. The most profound fears of human imagination, the Devil, is a danger and horror not outside but inside- as close to home as possible- inside Rosemary's womb. The ending seems to be also the climax. Rosemary finally realizes that the baby she gave birth to is the son of Satan, the Anti-Christ and though she is horrified, her mother's love and the experience of having carried him through pregnancy, in short, her maternal instincts, is to care for the child after all. She rocks the black cradle over which an upside crucifix hangs and decides to "mother" the monster.Guy and Rosemary Woodhouse move into an old apartment complex in New York City (the location was shot in the same area where John Lennon was shot and killed. The owners of the apartment are an elderly couple who give off eccentric vibes. A young woman who was living in the apartment commits suicide by throwing herself out the window (she had been the first woman the Satanic couple wanted to give birth to the Devi's baby). The old apartment has been the sight of many frightening going-ons, including murders and satanic rituals. The old couple decide they want Rosemary to have the Devil's child. They make a deal with Guy, who aspires to be a famous and wealthy actor. Guy will have his fame and fortune but in return his wife Rosemary must have the Devil's child. After being drugged by a dessert, Rosemary falls into a comma-like sleep in which she dreams she is on a boat with leisurely passangers, including John F. Kennedy and Jackie Kennedy, the Presidential couple. With her being numb, she is unaware that the evil couple have conjured up Satan to impregnate her. Later, when she is pregnant, she is given strange concoctions to make sure the baby will be born healthily and she is taken to a doctor who also happens to be in on the cult. Rosemary is pale and anorexic-looking and realizes something is wrong.The pregnancy is the slow build up to the dark finale. Rosemary has not quite grasped the true situation. Also, through the dialogue and the behavior of the people around her, the film seems to want to trick you into thinking that Rosemary is merely hysterical and imagining things as a result of a complicated pregnancy. But we know well that she is not. Finally, she does become aware that the neighboors are witches and devil worshippers and that she and her baby are in danger, thanks mostly in part by a book and anagram puzzle that a friend provided after his death. Although she tries to escape, she is trapped in the apartment and gives birth to the baby with the assistance of the witches. She is frightened in the finale to realize that she has indeed delivered the Anti-Christ into the world.For Roman Polanski, this 1968 film proved to be ironically true. About a year later, his wife Sharon Tate was brutally killed. Sharon Tate was pregnant with Polanki's baby at the time. The Marilyn Manson cult seem to parallel the coven in the movie. Roman Polanski's parents had also died in Nazi concentration camps. This film seemed suited for him to direct because of it's dark message- that evil is triumphant and that God is dead, the very essence of fear. It is a film that tame as it is, can really scare you and get under you're skin. This haunting film inspired other cinematic horror legends which would become famous in the next decade of the 70's- The Exorcist and the Omen Series. The film won best screenplay adaptation from a novel and Ruth Gordon as Best Supporting Actress.

review/helpfulness: 5/9
review/text: I picked up this book with such high expectations-Ray Bradbury is relavtively famous, the book is fantastically reknowned, and it is about censorship, an issue that I really care about.Well. My expectations were smothered, stabbed repeatedly, and left on the floor to die. This is not a good book. Bradbury's writing is incredibly confusing, and some pivotal parts of the story are so removed from the main plot that you can't understand them.Bradbury has a penchant for killing off characters. For example, one character, that changes the life of the main character, is dead 20 pages into the book. If she was burned 'cause she had books, fine, but she got run over by a car. How stupid is that?Pass this one up, and for a real futuristic utopia, try 1984. Just not this.

review/helpfulness: 16/17
review/text: After his hugely successful debut quartet (Revelation Space, Chasm City, Redemption Ark, and Absolution Gap) Alastair Reynolds has begun widening his range. Century Rain and his latest, Pushing Ice, are set in different universes from each other, and from the shared universe of the first four books. And whereas Century Rain takes place at a time intermediate between the present and that of Revelation Space, Pushing Ice starts in the near future - 2057, to be precise. As to where it ends... well, that would be telling.The action begins when Janus, one of Saturn's moons, mysteriously leaves orbit and accelerates towards the edge of the Solar System. The only vehicle in position to intercept its path is the nuclear-powered mining ship Rockhopper, with its crew of 145 captained by Bella Lind. At the request of Deepshaft, the owners, Bella asks the crew if they are willing to take the unknowable risks involved. Swayed by the promise of huge bonuses, a majority votes to go for it, and the chase is on. But instead of three days of high acceleration, a week of observation, and laughing all the way home to the bank, they soon find themselves fighting for their lives.It would be wrong to give away any more of the plot, as its effectiveness rests largely on a series of surprises that go on right to the end of the book. Suffice it to say that, while slowly but steadily building up the tension and introducing us to a wide cast of characters, Reynolds weaves in some fascinating technical ideas - from an effective method of freezing dying people for future resuscitation to the potential implications of femtotech (a step beyond nanotech) and relativistic time compression. Watch out, too, for some mind-boggling aliens: in 45 years of reading SF, I have never come across anything quite like the Musk Dogs or the Fountainheads.Other reviewers seem to have been disappointed at the obvious differences between Pushing Ice and Reynolds' first four books. It seems to me that these are the inevitable consequences of his decision to tackle a near-future scenario, along with slightly greater emphasis on characterisation and social relationships. The people of Absolution Gap, for example, are so alien to us - what with their nanotech implants and exotic lifestyles - that it is difficult to empathise with them. Hard SF writers are always being criticised for neglecting the "wetware element", but often their attempts to introduce it backfire badly. Reynolds does pretty well, I think: his people are believable, well differentiated, and easy to like or dislike. All in all, I still think he is the best SF writer active today, and this book is a worthy successor to his previous work. It certainly isn't Jane Austen, and it won't suit readers who want a brisk, action-packed, 200-page novel; but it is ideal for those of us who love to get stuck into a long, detailed SF saga.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: This is another track that I first heard on "Open House Party" with John G. that caught my attention. This song sounds like a slightly uptempo version of Fragma's "Toca's Miracle"(because of the subtle background guitar-plucking efx) or DJ Jurgen's "Higher & Higher". It seems more poppy than it does dance. The beat makes you want to bob your head along with it. I really dig Kylie's voice which sounds like a combo of Maria Rubia and DaMae from Fragma. The lyrics may be a little repetitive for some(this is why I gave it 4 of 5 stars). Although this makes them easy to learn, and stick with you. It's a catchy track, that's for sure! This single is better than the other because they included the album version and 2 remixes, instead of the album version and 2 other trax. I wish they would have put a couple of extra remixes on here, though... I do recommend giving this single a listen. You might not be able to get this song out of your head!...

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: This was a great present for my grandmother. She likes tea and this is not only a nice collection of teas, but a beautiful case for her to keep her favorites after she uses the stock ones. The selection duplicates itself in the different sections and does not have 12 different ones, only six, but this is fine. The case holds some very large sections and should hold any teabags unlike the solid brown one that I bought for my mother.I would recommend this product. Grandmother says that the tea is very good too.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Magic (Richard Attenborough, 1978)Abracadabra, I sit on his knee.Presto chango, and now he is me.Hocus pocus, we take her to bed.Magic is fun... we're dead.It is likely that anyone over the age of thirty will remember the traumatizing television spot for Magic, David Attenborough's riveting drama about Corky (Anthony Hopkins), a magician who's on the skids until he teams up with a dummy named Fats (also voiced by Hopkins). When Ben Green (Burgess Meredith), Corky's agent, mentions that Corky will have to have a medical exam before doing his first television special, Corky flips out and retreats to his childhood home, where he meets up with Peg (Ann-Margaret), a girl he had a crush on in high school. Will Peg be Corky's salvation, or will Fats get jealous?Adapted by William Goldman from his own novel, Magic is a wonderful piece of work that's finally gotten itself a good DVD treatment (including, of course, the infamous television spot). While Attenborough is usually a brilliant director, Magic shows him at the height of his powers. Every shot is perfectly framed, the pace is right on cue at all times, and he pulled incredible performances out of his entire cast. While the film faded into entirely undeserved obscurity, now it's poised to return to its former glory. If you've never had the pleasure of seeing this brilliant film, do so. ****

review/helpfulness: 13/14
review/text: I've already read the book How to prepare for the new toefl test by Pamela Sharpe, I've not found a better book of toefl preparation until now. at the begining of the book it looks difficult to adapt to the way it is structured but as the days are passing by you notice that the way in which She made the book is the best to have a quick reference while you're answering the excercises of &quot;structure and writen expression&quot;, I dont know the author but in my opinion is a person extremely intelligent. The excercises are ordered on a methodic way that I've never seen before in other toefl books that present their teachings so clear. I never before had taken classes of grammar but I feel that the book has help me very much. I've read a 70% of the book and in my opinion is the best.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: Jeff McAndrew tells the story of living with and loving his son Stephen, who happens to have autism. The straight-forward, open approach to a wide variety of topics should be of great help to other families dealing with this condition. I especially appreciated the addition of comments of others - parents and professionals - who also are concerned about children with disabilities. It's important to remember that interventions which are effective for one child with autism may not be at all helpful to another, and vice versa. Finding interventions that work, as well as a strong support network, can make a critical difference in a family's ability to enjoy and appreciate a special child such as Stephen.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: Despite the fact that my initial interest in this DVD was the opportunity to see Patsy Kensit, I actually found Jurgen Prochnow and Elizabeth Hurley to be far more entertaining as (respectfully) the skipper of a private yacht and a passenger desperately trying to reach the Bahama's.Although her role is pivotal to the plot, Kensit plays her part as a whiney, insecure sidekick to Hurley's. Her character really only seems to serve as a catalyst to engender a bond between Prochnow's skipper and Hurley's flamboyant passenger in addition to adding some sense of reason to a twist at the end that has me still scratching my head.This movie was marketed as another trip into "Deep Calm" waters but in actual fact the expected confrontation that the movie seems to be inevitably steering towards never occurs, this probably greatly contributed to the lackluster performance of the movie but for me the picture took more interesting turns into examining some really warped human behavior and building distrust between the three people stuck on a small boat together for four weeks.Prochnow plays a washed out sailor who, after a tragic event at sea, has not had the courage to leave port for months. Following an intoxicated meeting with two female entertainers (Kensit and Hurley) he subsequently finds out that he has agreed to take the two carefree women on a four week sail to the Bahama's.What follows is a roller coaster of human emotion, suspense, sex (nudity from Hurley) and confusion. The movie however never seems to find its niche though and its twist is underwhelming and unsatisfying. So much more should have been delivered, especially with such an attractive cast, but the screen time and talent seems wasted.Perhaps this is the reason this movie has been marketed under so many titles. Its original German title was `Der Skipper', but its also been named `The Storm.'

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: Rollerball still stands as a solid sci-fi flick about the fear of corporate society and the crushing of the little guy (you). Sadly, if you look around, we're slowly approaching it.Fast forward to now and we have yet another remake. With Rollerball (2002) I am now convinced that these remakes serve a functional purpose: to make the originals look like masterpieces. If there is another reason, I've yet to see it. At this point, I would be less insulted if Hollywood studios publicly declared: We have no ideas, we are bankrupt of original thoughts, so we'll just resell you the same thing, over and over.The sickest thing about John McTiernan's Rollerball remake is that it had potential. The original film took place in a sterilized future world where corporations had taken the place of nations, society had everything it needed, and the main distraction for the pesty public was the ultraviolent sport of rollerball. Jonathan E began to meddle by somehow surviving the sport year after year and began to shine, which is exactly what the corporations did NOT want. The sport was to prove the futility of individual effort.In the remake, the setting is the near future, but the concerns are not global like the original. Rollerball is more a fringe sport (like Slamball, or Arena Football, or backyard wrestling) operating out of central Asia (any of the '-stan' countries of the old Soviet empire.) For the miserable masses who slave in mines, the sport, which is less coherent here than the original film, provides a distraction from their meaningless lives (sort of like all sports do, anyway.)I did like this idea for the setting, making rollerball a regional interest rather than global phenomenon. It actually makes it more realistic, and indeed there are references to WWE wrestling, which it resembles in the glitzy pageantry and shameless profiteering. This, along with other elements, are wasted in the ensuing chaos.An NHL draftee (Chris Klein, doing a career Keanu impersonation that is frightening) flees the USA because he's been busy illegally body-boarding down San Fran streets and runs off with LL Cool J to play for big money in the rollerball leauge. The (naturally) evil team owner is Jean Reno, who covets more and more ratings by getting rid of rules, penalties, and other pesty elements of the sport that prevent people from dying. This is all to satisfy some kind of global ratings meter that is instant and will gauge who is tuning in when.I could go on and on about this film. It was famously plagued during post-production (not to mention pre-production, production, and the 'idea', casting, and all other phases.) The film is incoherent, plain and simple. What you would call a mess.It is highly recommended to bad movie buffs the world over. I picked this baby up at a 2-for-$15 sale--that's less than the cost of seeing this clinker in the theater! The DVD wisely throws in many extras to entice you and to give you something approaching value after you realize how appalling the film is.The other recommendation is to buy the original Rollerball on DVD, also a good value.I now heartily endorse remakes like this one, as I'm sure Norman Jewison (director of the original) does. His film and his career shine that much brighter after atrocities like this.

review/helpfulness: 25/26
review/text: When I decided I wanted to learn all I could about HTML I went looking for a good book on the subject. I never buy the first thing I see and I spent many hours researching for the best I could find. My search narrowed down to just a few and this book won the toss. I am truly impressed at what I found here. I purchased several books on related topics (javascript and such) and after reading all of them, this book was, by far, the easiest to use. Mr. Powell's writing style allowed me to retain more than I expected I would. I immediately put into use many of these tags to take my website from average to very efficient (and cool if I do say so myself). The reference section allows me to quickly find more about the tag I am trying to use. Don't let the enormous size of this book intimidate you. It reads easy and a great deal of the book is reference relating back to what you learned earlier.If you are using a WYSISYG editor to make your website and want to get past those limitations. This IS the book you want. If you don't buy this book RIGHT NOW, you will someday wish you had. Do it while it's fresh in your head.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: HELLO ITS CHRISTIANS COUSIN ME CHRISTIANS AUNT MTY AUNT AND MY SISTERS BOYFRIEND AND MY DOG AND MY NIECE ANNA LEAFA AND CHRISTIANS AUNTS FRIEND MARNA ALL LOVE THIS VIDEO VITS THE GRAITEST VIDEO OF ALL I DONT LIKE WHEN THEY KAUGTH AT HIM I MEEN WHY DO THEY LAUGTH AT HIM THEY SHULD FORGIVE HIM FOR TRYING TO PICK OUT THE RIGHT TREE UG I HAVE BEEN KISSED BY A DOG GETHOT WATER GET SOME DESIINFACRED GET SOME MIADINE I LOVE THE BEGING WHEN THEY SING CHRISMAS TIME IS HERE ITS SOO FUNNY WHEN THEY SAY CHARLIE BROWN URE THE ONLY PERSIBI KNOW WGO COULD DRARE A WIBDERFULL SESAN LIKE CHRISMAS AND TURN IT IN TO A PROUBLAM AND WHEN LUCI SAYS LINOS YOUVE GOTTA GET RID OF THAT STUPID BLANKET WHATS A CHRISMAS SHEPRED GONNA LOOK LIKE WITH A BLANKET LIKE THAT ITS THE BEST VIDE I HAVE EVER SEEN I SAY THE OTHER VIVEWERS ARE SOO DUM AND HARABLEE

review/helpfulness: 21/22
review/text: Having never read &quot;Moby Dick&quot;, I wondered if this book could hold my interest. Boy, was I wrong! A masterful work of historical narrative that ranks right up there with &quot;A Perfect Storm&quot; and &quot;Into Thin Air&quot;, I was spellbound by the story of The Essex and the plight of her crew...highly recommended regardless of your nautical prowess!

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: One of the better books that I've read over the past year. Dr. Eby provides a biographical review of the miracles that God has performed in his life, beginning with his birth in the pre-depression era through the 1980's. I heard about this book on the radio and it was described as Dr. Eby's trip to heaven after his clinical death due to an accident. What I found was a wonderful collection of stories about how God worked miracles throughout his entire life, including an amazing story of his brief trip to heaven (he describes it in great detail -- I can't wait!) and a brief trip to hell (enough of a description to scare the salvation right into a non-believer). Dr. Eby is a great story teller and the book is very easy to read and enjoy. A very uplifting and &quot;feel good&quot; book. A great book to read to kids too!

review/helpfulness: 3/12
review/text: One of the things that people make a mistake on is that these transformers movies do not and i repeat do not follow a story the way a normal triogy does. these movies while i love them and hope to see another transformers movie in the future the movies play out like full length live action animated features films and to me that is what they are. this new movie in my opinion has no connection to the other transformerss movies and that is how people should look at this new movie and the second transformers movie revenge of the fallen they are just another transformers movie. believe me this movie is worth checking out.

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: Once again, Ry Cooder revisites the things that mean the most to him; social justice, displacement of the poor and a time when music had tangible origins. Through a red cat named Buddy he explores Hobo songs, miners and union songs, the fight for civil rights and dignity. And then there is a brief re-occuring theme of a space ship landing at an opportune time...It comes complete with a beautifully illustrated book about Buddy's travels with his friends and acts as a footnote to the songs. It is a simple premise and obviously a labor of love beautifully executed and is not for the hard of heart. This is front porch music with old friends the likes of Flaco Jimenez and Paddy Malone. We need more people in our lives like Ry Cooder.

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: I read the english version in one week and am now reading it again. Its a fascinating book but I wish Garcia Marquez was my neighbor so I could ask him the millions of questions that I thought of when reading the book. The books captured my mind, soul and heart, I actually cried seeing colonel Aureliano, my second favorite character reduced to an old, solitary man. My questions are: What time periods does the story take place? Is this left unanswered so readres from any century can relate to it, since it is a story of humanity in every century? Does GGM really believe our lives are written in stone and untangible? This book makes you thgink about life and everything youve ever done in your life. It makes you think of your family and their similarities to characters in GGM book. I recommend it tro anyone who thinks they can handle sex, war, trauma, death, human decay, and every single human feeling.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: If this was your first Travis McGee book, don't worry. Most of them are much, much better. This book suffers from an overload of the author's rambling commentary on society. After the introduction to jealous husband, you have to slug through 100 pages before you begin to get into typical Travis McGee action. The action is often illogical, and too often Travis - err - Gavin stumbles into old friends at the most unlikely places, bailing him out of trouble. Sorry, this one just didn't click for me. In many ways, it reminded me of the Pale Gray for Guilt story, but there was much less action in this book.

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: Why are you listening to music per se, if you're not listening to THIS! I have no idea why this album doesn't have a full five-star rating. If you're going to put down great music it better be because you're a musician putting out better material. (It may seem like I'm defending this album over a measly half-star but I'm just endorsing it heavily and this is my method.)I made a mistake when I first came across this album during a visit to Seattle because I didn't snatch it up then and there (even though I got to hear the whole album). After a month of futile searches in music stores from Seattle to New Orleans, I decided to make it my first purchase from Amazon when I discovered Amazon had the album in its stock. Yes, this album was musically strong enough for me to endure the hassle and initial misgivings of ordering something over the Internet. While this is not a plug for Amazon, this is a definite plug and testament to the hold and strength of this music after listening to it only once.On that note, this album, the music on it, is evolutionary. This album embodies the future of intelligent DJ mixing. Sure, I think John Digweed's 'Bedrock' is intense and wild after the initial songs on both CD's, but I can still find other DJs who mix in his vein and style, using his approach. I can't say that about Kid Loco's DJ-Kicks album, and neither can you (unless you're listening to something I and the rest of the world hasn't yet heard of). The only other DJ music mix that resembles this effort by Kid Loco is the other DJ-Kicks release by the Thievery Corporation. But they only resemble each other in the intelligence of mixing choices and not in their sound or execution. In my humble and otherwise insignificant opinion, this album by Kid Loco is far more sumptious and haze-inducing than TC's album, but get them both if you can. This is not an endorsement for the DJ-Kicks series, either. These are the only two DJ-Kicks albums I enjoy and listen to with any frequency, even six months after purchase (other DJ-Kicks albums weren't so great).Take my word for it, I listen to a lot of music in general. A lot of good music, too. These albums, especially Kid Loco's, stands out. As for a short description of the music, it's deep, down, and murky, but not at all subterranean since it lifts, is very soulful, is full of epiphany, is completely accessible, and makes you proud to own and share it with others.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: I hadn't read this Bradbury's classic for 15 years. I had 14 years old then and though I liked it, I appreciate it now even more. Should I think I was not mature enough to understand all the ins and outs of the book?When Ray Bradbury published his Fahrenheit 451 several decades ago, he depicted a decaying society, only preoccupied by its facade of happiness. Not that people are entirely free of the usual constraints but everything is done through games, shows, comics for them to forget the notion of thinking, source of all distress and misery. Those who resist are destroyed, dangerous books (those *who* make think) are burnt. And finally, does it work after so much trouble?Well, at first sight, it depends on the basic purpose of the system. If its aim is to make people happy, it's undoubtedly a catastrophic failure. On the other hand, if it plans on making people believe they are happy or at least act as if they were, the answer may appear less immediate but little by little, you realize that for most of the characters, and therefore for probably most of the society, it comes to the same thing.Montag, the fireman who burns the books, is suddenly confronted to the emptiness of his life. Is he happy? No. He will refuse the system and fight, like Granger and the old Faber. Mildred, Montag's wife, has accepted it all. It's so practical for her to live without thinking, with a virtual family on screens around the walls of the parlor. She has friends she can talk with. She has plenty of leisure, goes on parties, but is she happy? Can she be happy when she frequently needs a bunch of pills to get dopey to the point of risking her life? Obviously not. Same for her friends, you'll see it fast.Two characters are really apart in this book.Clarisse, for example, doesn't like or hate that fake prosperity, simply because she doesn't care. She just does what she likes and she's happy. It's probably the only person you'll meet who is. Unfortunately, it will kill her but her short encounter with Montag will have been fundamental.Okay, I admit it, even if he's not from the &quot;good&quot; side, I've a compassion of some sort for the last important character of the story, Captain Beatty, the firemen's chief. He's really disconcerting, an opponent worthy of Montag. You quickly feel his cogency, his volubility. Despite his current lifework, it's easy to suspect he read a lot in the past and reflected over everything. He would once have been a precious ally for Montag but now, it's too late. He abides by the system and resigned himself, sincerely convinced of its ineluctability. So, of course, he must oppose Montag. The way he dies, the way he chooses to die, is terrible and you'll realize then what despair has haunted that man, how strong his disgust of life has been.Oh, while I'm writing this, I've just remembered a scenery. In fact, each time I think about Fahrenheit, this one always comes to my mind. At a certain point of the 2nd part, Montag thrust himself in the parlor occupied by Mildred and her friends who were watching their favorite show on the 3 walls, the White Cartoon Clown. Montag pulls the switch, and after some words exchanged about the coming war, he simply says &quot;Let's talk.&quot; The passage that immediately follows his request is powerful, from the bewildering words of Mrs Phelps about the children she never had to the furor of Montag appealing them to get out of his house, it's a total delight! I guess it's only there that the reader discovers in what terribly absurd world s/he was dived. This passage is a great moment of literature history, I swear you! :)If you make up your mind and wish to buy that magnum opus, I suggest you buy the 40th anniversary edition for Fahrenheit deserves a choice place in your library. The dustcover is beautiful, with the back reproducing the original illustration. Now, let's remove delicately the dust cover. Wow, there's a nice hardcover under it, the main sides are light brown and my fingers can feel the author's name raised slightly in the same color :) and on the black edge, title, author and editor are in gold letters. Hum! Hum! What's more? Ah, yes, a very interesting and recent foreword by Ray Bradbury, very instructive, it explains everything: the genesis of the book, the historical context, the how and the why. The original introduction (written in 1966) is still there, as captivating as the foreword, both of them are worth reading. From all points of view, I'm very proud to own this edition. I hope you'll feel the same pride.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: I have bought dockers for years but these are cut smaller than they usually are. Even with the "stretch" waist band they are tight. So much for an "extra" inch. Beware. Try these in a store before you buy.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: This music DVD is without doubt one of the best ever made. I have always thought that Mark Knofler was way beyond Dire Straits, he was Dire Straits. He, without a doubt, is one of the most innovative, skilled guitar players I have had the pleasure to see performing live.. Now in "Music for Montserrat" playing alongside Eric Clapton, I know he is the very best there is. I would hope that all music lovers see this DVD. If you do, then you will have to have it. It is the best!

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: The flaky cream-cheese pie crust recipe alone is worth the price of the book. Additionally there are other excellent recipes and techniques. Everything is very clear and fail-proof. There are recipes for various types of pie, struedel, danish, and savory pastries like quiche and empanadas.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: This DVD set is much like the other DVD sets released so far in terms of how many episodes this set includes. That being said...Season 2, 7th Voyage holds 13 episodes...or episodes 131-143.Which includes the Post-Arabasta Arc, Goat Island Arc, and the Rainbow Mist Arc...which is just enough to leave viewers salivating for the start of Season 3, 1st Voyage (the start of the Skypeia arc) as for the Amazon price it's a bit much to ask for as these are all filler episodes included in this entire DVD set, but it's still a good buy if you can find it cheaper.The Post-Arabasta arc (ep. 131-135) is a pretty comedic arc for the most part but it's mostly just a range of episodes centered around each one of the Strawhat pirates either having a flashback of their own personal life, goofing off, or making short side trips on other islands where they help others.The Goat Island arc (ep. 136-138) is a really short filler arc, which thank goodness One Piece keeps a large majority of their fillers short. This arc just centers around the Strawhats running from the Marines and landing on an island with an old geezer named Zenny (the old man on the cover of this DVD set). Zenny is an old man that has a dream of becoming a pirate even though he's clearly too old to pursue that dream, the Strawhats still push to help him achieve that dream in the end.The Rainbow Mist arc (ep. 139-143) is an excellent filler arc in my personal opinion. The Strawhats land on Ruluka Island where a strange folktale of a mysterious cloak of mist is said to appear during certain times. An old man by the name of Professor Henzo, whom is researching the mist, lost a group of his friends to the mist a long long time ago. Needless to say the mist appears while the Strawhats are on Ruluka Island and Henzo is reunited with his friends inside the mist....but they don't recognize him? Why? because in the realm of the mist time is completely stopped and Henzo is an old geezer and his friends are still as young as the day they disappeared.I wanted to give a brief description of each arc this set contains without giving away too much about the arcs themselves. It's a product worth buying but at a lower price, personally I'd pay in the $25-$35 range for it.Note: Since the release of this item, Amazon has lowered the price to a much better range than it was originally listed. It was in the $40-$50 range, now it is much cheaper and right in the range that I personally would've bought it for as said in the review.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: We must never forget what happened on September 11, as individuals and as a nation. A book like this is one that our grandchildren will be looking at years from now while we describle the feelings and horror of that time.LIFE magazine, as usual, could be counted upon to chronicle, in photos and text, these sad and devastating events. The photos are exquisitely painful and the text (some by Guiliani, and poems by Maya Angelou and Charles Parks) is achingly appropriate.Reading this today, nine months after our national tragedy, made me realize that while the rawness of grief has somewhat lessened, it will never be gone.

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: Overall, the book has some intersting points and facts but there are way too many times when the author uses too many words to get to one point. For example he'll use a lot of transitional phrases such as more over, furthermore, therfore, and in the other hand all together and it seems that he's just doing it to make the book longer. In my opinion, the book is ok but it's not the best.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: As I write this I must say that Ernest's review is better than anything I can probably say, and I agree with most of his opinions. Yes, this film is slow; it is about the characters, and character development takes longer than slashing or gore. This won't fit a lot of Americans' concepts of horror movies: there is no monster, human or supernatural; there is no slashing or teen sex -- no teens at all, for that matter; and the ghosts of the dead children are not overtly threatening, but instead rather sad; there are not even "gotcha" moments such as those in Dark Water or The Grudge. It is, however, an intensely fascinating movie for fans of psychological horror, and those who have an interest in the dark side of the human psyche. I don't feel a need to describe the plot, because others have done that. This movie does give us a new kind of horror, one rarely seen in Asian films and almost never in American horror films since the 1960s. For American film fans, let me say that if you liked the original, black and white, early 60s "The Haunting" (based on Shirley Jackson's book "The Haunting of Hill House") you will probably enjoy this. The films are vastly different on the surface, but in the final say, they both focus on the human rather than the supernatural, and use the supernatural as a means to explore the human condition. It's well worth watching, and for fans of Asian horror, definitely worth owning.

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: I still cant believe this book was turned into a movie. Though the movie didn't capture even 5% of the scariest moments in the book. This book could easily change your perspective on UFO's and monsters forever. Despite the fact that this could be John Keels most unpolished work it is perhaps the most ground breaking too.If you are the type of person who can believe that scores of people would frantically contact local authority and the press to foolishly report a rare stork with red eyes then this book isn't for you. A 7-ft leathery gray humanoid with glowing red eyes and a huge wingspan that flies fast enough to chase cars down is not something dozens of people are mistaking for anything else.I almost didn't buy this book years ago when I first heard about it. It just seemed too fantastic. When I finally picked it up I was stunned by all the 1st hand experiences of the author.The first Wednesday after I read the book I looked outside my house for UFOs. An old school Cadillac rolled by and made a turn at the end of my block, which would force it to back track. The windows were black. Nothing else happened. When I got back inside I had a message from my best friend. He was somewhat frantic. He said: "Dude, I just heard a really weird UFO whirring sound outside of my house." His girlfriend heard it too, and she told him in an uncharacteristic manner: "better go tell your friend what just happened" I hadn't told him what I was reading (or anyone else) and I never had a serious discussions about UFO's with him before that event.

review/helpfulness: 0/6
review/text: I was disappointed.My wife, who is the big stargate fan, was also. She watched it a second time and said she was glad she bought it ... after being really disappointed on the first viewing.If this were the only stargate show, I would not have any desire to watch another.My wife and I had settled down to watch good entertainment and I really was not at all happy with what I saw. It seemed confusing to me how they were pulling elements from different times and trying to put them under a single time.Anyway, glad to give my opinion for what it is worth.Save your money for something that is worth watching.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: What a diverse album...Yes, it has the 'big commercial hit' (ie the remake of Boy From New York City), but the rest- Kafka is one of the best non-verbal recordings ever made! wow, and Spies in the Night simply delightful- this CD now feels a tad 'dated', but like good wine it is to be savored...

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: Great book, hard to put down. Like reading a time capsule. BUT, I was constantly highlighting and underlining, because I was unfamiliar with many of the "ingredients" she has listed.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: This is a different but good cd. I belleve that CCM intially called it &quot;the real unguarded&quot; or something to that effect. This is way more real and &quot;Unguarded&quot; than the cd she that held that same name. On Behind the Eyes, you can see the human side of Amy in her songs and lyrics.

review/helpfulness: 14/15
review/text: This is actually a retitled and edited version of John Bunyan's, &quot;The Life and Death of Mr. Badman,&quot; which is otherwise rather hard to locate these days. Its lesser popularity is most likely due to the subject matter, which focuses upon sin, and the fact that it doesn't have the &quot;happy ending&quot; most people seem to require. However, it is a terrific work, definitely the equal of Pilgrim's Progress or Grace Abounding. Bunyan, as usual, finds new meaning in many verses of scripture that one might otherwise overlook. If you like John Bunyan's work and don't have this, get it. It's a keeper.

review/helpfulness: 5/8
review/text: Foundation is the story of one man's attempt to positively influence human history beyond the grave for centuries to come. Set far in the future, Hari Seldon's goal is to shorten an impending period of Dark Ages from tens of thousands of years to one thousand years. To do so, he creates an organizational entity, the Foundation, and maneuvers to create circumstances so that the Foundation will recreate the Galactic Empire amid a blossoming of science and technology.This book is the first in a series that will keep you happily reading for days. In Foundation, the stage is set for the problem, and you will begin to understand the plan that Seldon has employed by examining the first 150 years after the Foundation is established.The book is built around four crises (Seldon Crises) that shape the potential of the First Foundation to fulfill its goal. In the first crisis, the Foundation is viewed as being a traitorous activity by the political authorities. Seldon explains that his purpose is to create an encyclopedia to encompass all current knowledge before it is lost. The crisis is survived when he agrees to take the project into exile on a planet with few natural resources at the far edge of the galaxy.Fifty years later, that fledgling is threatened by its powerful neighbors who have greater resources and military power. The Emperor can no longer protect the Foundation. Thirty years after that, another attempt to militarily capture the Foundation occurs. Another seventy years later, a fourth crisis occurs when remnants of the Empire start funneling advanced weapons to planets at the edge of galaxy that oppose the Foundation.Each crisis is overcome with a different approach, by a different leader. And the Foundation continues to develop towards its eventual form.These crises are much like a good mystery story. You know there's been a crime that needs to be solved, but you haven't quite figured out how yet. Because there are four crises, you get to enjoy that problem-solving experience four times in one book! Pretty neat!The Foundation's advantage in all of these crises is that it has advanced knowledge and has applied it, while the rest of the Empire is losing knowledge. Pretty soon, things are falling apart technically for those outside the Foundation. The key technology is built around atomic power (as it appeared it would developed in the 1950s).Reviewing Foundation is a challenging task. This book has become a science fiction classic, yet many will see little value in it because the science fiction perspectives and forecasts about science are dated. The book has to be read in the context of the books that follow to be fully understood and appreciated, but how does that help the person who has just finished Foundation? Isaac Asimov used a most unusual style in the book, as though you are a historian uncovering bits of primary and secondary sources concerning a long ago period in time (that occurs in our future). That either makes the book more authentic (if you like that) or annoying (if you don't).At bottom, these contrasts require the reviewer to attempt to capture for the potential reader what makes this book an enduring classic.First, Foundation squarely asks a fundamental question: How should knowledge be built, maintained, and used for the benefit of all? A subset of that question is: What are the appropriate uses of knowledge? These are questions that we do not wrestle with nearly enough today. Many people enjoy thinking about these questions, and welcome their introduction by this book.Second, Foundation suggests that progress is faster with the benefit of planning that takes into account human nature. Seldon's discipline is the reliable behavior of large groups of people (psycho-history). Those who like to plan and those that do not will equally enjoy Asimov's scenario for making his point that we should build from our understanding of human behavior. You can debate the point and have lots of fun forever, based on what is here.Third, many social thinkers have been inspired by the Foundation concept to structure their own changes. Nonviolent political movements match the Foundation concept in many ways, for example. This book gives you a lens to consider many of the global agencies that have been created by international organizations.Fourth, what should be the relationship between knowledge and power? Usually, they are united. But the Foundation posits a world in which they can be divided, and that division could have some benefits. A current example would be the unharnessed knowledge of the Internet. No government will probably succeed in trying to hold dominion over it.Science fiction has long played a useful role in helping society to examine its most important scientific questions in advance. Then the concepts that seem useful become the early paradigms of scientific and social progress. In the case of Foundation, that paradigm here is applied to social progress primarily . . . not scientific progress. So think of this as a book about the science fiction of governing.Foundation suggests a world where knowledge has more power than today, and is also more effective at curbing harmful exercises of power than currently. That shining ideal, I believe, is at bottom the key to understanding Foundation's lasting and broad appeal.Whether you like, love, are indifferent to, or hate Foundation, I suggest you read the initial trilogy before making up your mind about this book. Much of the genius of Foundation (the first book) isn't apparent to most readers until the trilogy is read and grasped.One word of caution: Asimov wrote lots of one-draft wonder books, and was certainly not a great craftsman in his writing. Look past that writing quality to the conceptual brilliance of the picture he is painting.After you have finished the trilogy, ask yourself the question of how you can make knowledge more effective in promoting human moral and economic progress. I think you will find that to be an intriguing question well worth the attention you give to it. And you can think of Foundation to remind you of the question.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: Two women: One of them a female writer -Lillian- feels and professes a profound admiration by Julia, a very illustrated woman, art lover and first order intellectual.Through a very smart device, the story is told in two levels: Lillian is passing through a serious lack of creative breath and due her sad memories, we'll know about the political activities of Julia who has bet for the hope of a better world, inflamed by her antifascist ideas. Lillian has been designed as a free lance collaborator along the train travel. They have a brief encounter in Berlin and Lillian feels the coldness of her old friend: the war face sharps attitudes and dissipates standpoints.Poignant drama , wonderfully acted by an impressive cast: Jane Fonda, Vanessa Redgrave, Maximilian Schell and Jason Robards, four winning Awards actors under the impecable direction of Fred Zinnemann ( The day of the Jackal, High Noon, From here to the eternity)

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I tried on several more expensive backpacking boots before settling on this one. I have high arches and this boot fit and felt the best. I've put 70-80 miles of backpacking on the boot, including some hard, heavy miles. So far the boot is holding up fine. And they feel great - like I'm walking on cushions.The only downside so far is the leather has worn more quickly than I expected and the waterproofing seems to be wearing off - even after an additional waterproofing treatment.Update:My left boot stopped being supportive after about 90 miles of mid-weight backpacking (with 30-40 lbs). These boots are probably just not durable enough to rely on for backpacking.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: &quot;Magic&quot; is a great thriller with big stars, and based on a novel by a popular author. For some reason, critics jeered it when it was first released, and it apparently dropped off the face of the earth. As a last resort, I bought this tape, but found the viewing conditions were very bad. It's better than nothing, I guess, but the sex scene was edited and the language dubbed out, just like on television! This particularly hurts the final line of the film, which includes a certain four-letter word. Nonetheless, it's a disturbing and very funny thriller with great performances. Buy this video anyway, it may be your last chance to see this movie, ever.

review/helpfulness: 17/24
review/text: Somehow, if I had spent the time reading the book a little before purchasing, I wouldn't have bought it. He talks extensively about competition rigs, rules, etc. which I had no interest in. I have yet to see a gun rag writer talk honestly about guns. Ever see a bad review in ANY of the gun magazines?

review/helpfulness: 16/16
review/text: The Forsyte Saga is a sprawling drama in 3 Volumes/novels which won John Galsworthy the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1932. I enjoyed all 3 Volumes immensely - the writing is most beautiful, the storylines absorbing, the characters felt "real" and the dialogue wonderfully engaging.All 3 Volumes are published by Penguin. Each Volume has 800-900 pages and is divided into 3 Books:1. Volume 1: "The Man of Property", "In Chancery" and "To Let".2. Volume 2: "The White Monkey", "The Silver Spoon" and "Swan Song".3. Volume 3: "Maid In Waiting", "Flowering Wilderness" and "Over the River".Here's the gist of the story from each Volume:Volume 1: Meet the Forsytes - a rich, upper-class family in old England. Before you start, study the 'Family Tree' page first because it's helpful to remember how the numerous major characters are related. Note: My review will not be revealing any plot that you can't already gather from the Family Tree. The story begins in the late 1870s with Soames Forsyte (an old-fashioned, smart solicitor and art-collector) falling in love with a penniless beauty, Irene (pron.: "I-re-nee"). They marry but Irene is unhappy because she does not love Soames. Later, she meets a young architect, Philip Bosinney - they fall in love and have an affair. Problem is, Philip is June Forsyte (Soames' niece)'s fiance. Suspense, drama and great tragedy ensue when Soames and June find out. Some years pass. Jolyon (a cousin of Soames and an outcast of the family) and Irene are thrown together by circumstances and they fall in love. Irene has his child, Jon. Soames is heartbroken a second time. There is a bitter divorce. Soames later marries a French woman, Annette and they have a child, Fleur. Fleur and Jon grow up and fall in love with each other, unaware of the feud between their families...Note: Both the book and TV-series (adapted in 2002) feature Chopin's music (which is played by Irene on the piano). So if you like Chopin, you'll be pleased! Another thing is that the reader will either love/hate Irene. The author only describes her actions, but never let us know her thoughts or feelings. Everything we read about Irene is from the eyes or viewpoint of the other characters. Hence, on the pages, she appears cold and distant. Personally, I do not like Irene; my sympathy lies with Soames (whom I feel is unfairly and cruelly treated by Irene).Volume 2 is about Fleur and her relationship with her ageing father (Soames) and her husband (Michael Mont). Initially, Fleur appears to handle married life well - 'grooming' her husband for Parliament and throwing social parties. But 3 crises emerge to test her: a court action filed by a former friend (lots of mud-slinging here), having to "manage" Wilfrid Desert (her husband's best friend who is in love with her) and the return of Jon to England and their rekindled love. There is also an engaging subplot involving an impoverished balloon-seller, Tony Bicket and his wife.Volume 3 is unputdownable (like Volume 1). Here, we meet the Charwells, distant relations of the Forsytes (Michael Mont's mother is a Charwell). The time period is 1920s to early 1930s. The heroine is Elizabeth ("Dinny"), a most charming and endearing character. In Book 1, she tries to help her brother, Hubert who faces a murder charge. She also has to fend off 2 (unwelcome) admirers. In Book 2, Dinny falls in love (at last) with someone who first appeared in Volume 2. Their relationship is not smooth-sailing and you just know Dinny is headed for a heartbreak. There is also a troubling religion issue with no practical solution in sight. In Book 3, Dinny helps her younger sister, Clare who runs away after physical abuse by her husband. There is later a court proceeding (which is superbly written). Meanwhile, Fleur provides some smart advice and shows her generosity in an unexpected way. As for Dinny, she has not recovered from her earlier heartbreak but a new suitor appears on the scene (and he is really quite perfect...). Volume 3 is romantic and I loved it best.The Forstye Saga is a glorious and unforgetable read. It has the power to draw every sorts of emotion from the reader (joy, sadness, suspense, anger, laughter, tears). Put this title high on your list of must-reads. All 3 Volumes are highly recommended!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: For those of us who would prefer to use sourdough starter as the sole leavening agent in making breads, this cookbook is very helpful in getting us "started". There are some receipts calling for the addition of yeast, and baking soda is often added not so much to leaven loaves as to create a chemical change which dampens some of the sourness in a very sour pot of starter. Overall, this book gives some of the best history of sourdough from a lady who knows first-hand the importance of an active sourdough starter, and will get any beginner started off making some very good breads, rolls, breakfast items & desserts. There is even a section at the end for making various products from the wild berries grown in the Last Frontier (for those of us who are able to utilize lingonberries & such)! Even for those who don't care to do a lot of baking, this book has a great deal of interesting information about Alaska & its pioneers - a great read for celebrating our 50th year of Statehood!

review/helpfulness: 3/13
review/text: Streisand's lastest CD, *Guilty Pleasures* was a feast of songs she had never sung before, and a reunion with Barry Gibb, who writes for Barbra in a more contemporary way than the Bergmans or Marvin Hamlisch. It is a great CD, and her voice is sublime, aided, of course, by sound technicians. All artists owe their sound engineers their careers though. She and Barry have fun on it--it's fresh and alive. Not so much with the 2006 Concert CD, a recording of the concert tour, replete with IL Divo, a mostly unnecessary addition. They are wooden men with BIG, BORING voices.From the beginning, Babs sounds tired, hoarse and raspy. I saw her in concert, where she sometimes sounded even worse than this recording. The engineers cleaned it up as well as they could, leaving more than a hint of breathiness and weariness. Fortunately, only about half of the songs are weakly rendered; the other half really are terrific experiences. I have no idea what is going on with her voice that from song to song there could be such differences, but if I were Streisand I would leave the belting behind. It wouldn't hurt for her to warm up before she comes onstage, not as she is giving the concert. For any price, a fan would expect the performer to be well prepared. When she sings a soft ballad, she often soars, and her magic is prominent. It's painful to watch her crumble under the memory of her once youthful voice (and it was only a few years ago that she sounded like a 25 year old songstress). Streisand knows how to play a song for all its worth, but she sometimes tramples it to death. *Don't Rain in My Parade* is just not what it used to be. She hits high notes, but without the characteristic force. And she can hold the notes, or seem to, when she takes little breaks before each song's finale. Her phrasing is impeccable when she is giving it all she has to give, but too often she seems bored. This is not a bad CD, just not as inspired as *The Concert.*It also has to be said that it seems apparent Streisand is not taking care of her God-given voice, one she herself has said that she takes for granted (unimaginable!!).The chatter inbetween songs is dull and preachy, and it was exactly the same in every city, except for blabbering about the fattening food she ate all across the US (excluded from the CD, thank the Lord). The fans are really the stars on this CD--they roar constantly, as if they had been starving to see Streisand all their lives. It's an odd treat. The orchestra is incredible, but live, it drowns her out at times (as does IL Divo). This recording does not relfect that though.If you do not own *The Concert* CD, buy it and skip this one. This CD is for avid, adoration-is-blind Streisand fans only and those keeping track of Streisand's vocal history..

review/helpfulness: 2/13
review/text: Transformers the Movie (1985) was awesome. But these Transformers look like a pile of garbage throw together. The CGI animation makes everything look like synthetic barf. The Transformers movies need a reboot, where the characters actually look like they are supposed to. And without the worlds worst director Michael Bay. Disgusting. Don't let your kids watch this atrocity.

review/helpfulness: 20/21
review/text: This book is one of the classics on Timber Framing for those who want to get into this type of construction or build their own house. It is a very easy read. Though sometimes the author tends towards to much philosophy about life, construction and wood working.This book has very useful sections on joinery, design, raising, engineering, load physics, etc. Very easy to understand even if, like me, you are not a professional carpenter, contractor or mechanical engineer. I know nothing of contracting or building and understood the whole book.The book does not mention anything about Scribe Rule and Square Rule techniques and the differences between the two. These old techniques may not have been widely known when this book was written, although they were well known by early timber frame carpenters, before Timber Framing was replaced with cheaper, but faster Balloon Framing.A book that does go into Square Rule in a more structured way and is equally easy to read is Buid a Classic Timber-Framed House, by Jack Sobon.

review/helpfulness: 11/12
review/text: As you probably know, 'Who Framed Roger Rabbit' is a great movie. Unfortunately, the DVD version offers ZERO extras. No cut scenes. No feature commentary. No 'making of' featurette. And NO trailer (the back cover clearly states that the trailer is on the disc)! Isn't there some kind of law against such blatant false advertising? The picture and sound quality are good, but owners of DVD players deserve more than just a bare-bones copy of the movie, especially when it's a cinematic/special effects achievement of this caliber.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: Sister Souljah is the BOMB! I borrowed the Coldest Winter Ever from a friend to take on my cruise next week. I got the book from her on Monday and finished on Wednesday (3 days and that's only because I had to go to sleep). I've read a lot of book in my lifetime but this is the BEST I've read since reading Long Distance Life by Marita Golden several years ago. Keep up the good work Sister Souljah! I can't wait to get No Disrespect in the mail. I hope I get it before I leave on 8/27/00.Peace!

review/helpfulness: 16/17
review/text: When I was learning to read Middle Egyptian, it was Lichtheim who kept me on track. She has a wonderful gift for translation. Her translations, while very close to literal, somehow manage to carry the atmosphere of the original without sounding as bizarre as a literal translation would.

review/helpfulness: 20/22
review/text: This is probably the most highly anticipated record of the past 3 years for me. After stumbling upon "El Cielo" from reading the reviews on Amazon, I thought they were a pretty cool band...little did I realize over the past 3 years Dredg would become my favorite new band of the last 10 years or so.In case you haven't heard Dredg, their sound has been called everything from Emo to Progressive Rock, Hard Rock and Alternative and they probably are all of the above. Gavin's vocals are very distinct and on the higher end of the register and the lyrics are...well in a word, deep. Behind him is a band of talented young musicians that collectively form the nucleus of what is the most exciting thing happening in music today.About 6 weeks ago "Bug Eyes" appeared as a pre-release single on Itunes. I downloaded it, it blew me away and I have not been the same since. Not only is it the record of the year, but its honestly as good as anything thats ever been released in its genre. The lyrics just astound me. Well, that's great and all but I feared the rest of the record would have a hard time living up to "Bug Eyes"...After a few listens I thought this was a good record, but perhaps not great. Slowly, other great songs ("Jamais Vu", "Ode To The Sun" & "Spitshine") started to emerge and the record started to reveal all its intricacies, layers and nuances. Then I started to like how the band was willing to experiment and grow their sound -"Sang Real" & "Zebraskin" and it became evident what a great record this in fact is.The production by Terry Date and the overall engineering deserve kudos as well, as this is a fantastic sounding record- The instruments and vocals were all recorded amazingly well.Record Of The Year and the new standard in Emo/Prog/Hard/Alt Rock.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: Boring. What was I expecting? Something that would give me insight into my own abilities to heal self and others. This didn't do it. Especially since it wasn't in English.

review/helpfulness: 1/7
review/text: The story itself is a tedious read for todays readers. It meanders along with no real definitive reasoning and of course conclusions.I knew before I purchased the book, that it was a difficult story narrative to focus on. I did not enjy reading it and could not finish the story without skimming through the middle to the end.

review/helpfulness: 16/16
review/text: This book has story after story of the most incredible spiritual messages passed down by the centuries from Christian, Buddist, and Sufi monks; Jewish Rabbis; Native Americans; etc....I have over 13 years of following a spiritual path and if I ever had to choose one book for &quot;to the point&quot; and direct spiritual nourishment, I'd choose this book.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: I was excited about seeing this movie. I really was. It started out like the book, kind of, but of course, like so many movies today, the special effects took over and then we went on the most boring roller coster ride that was ever created. Suddenly, the house wasn't just evil, it had to be the actual evil man who inhabited it. Yeah, that wasn't in the book. Then it tried to regain our sympathy after it tortured us with stupid special effects by implying that the evil main character was really into killing his child laborers. Sorry, no sympathy here. And then, just for fun, some guy gets his head chopped off for no real reason, a picture comes to life, a door comes to life, a statue comes to life, Elenor goes crazy -- all not scary -- and then these little kid statues say, &quot;Help me! Help me!&quot; Then somehow, someone becomes the great grand-daughter of the evil guy and she proceeds to not get out of the way when he slams into her, causing severe internal bleeding. Finally, the movie ends and the two people who didn't die WALK out of the main gates, seeming to forget that they had driven there. Anyone who let this movie fool them into believing that it was good has never read the book and is probably way too into special effects for their own good. Even the actors couldn't save this. Stick with the book. For being written in the &quot;olden days&quot; it still has more horror than this movie could ever produce.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: I would highly suggest this game to anyone who loves simulation management games. If you liked Tropico, Rollercoaster Tycoon, you'll love Virtual Resort: Spring Break.It has 11 or 12 levels in which you go through and fix several problems given a selected amount of time. It's a little rough but very addicting!! And in no time you're figure out what to do and be successful. With every level you complete you unlock that island to play in sandbox mode for later on.I give the game 5 stars for good graphics, fun play and ease of use!! Check it out!!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: At some point, Ray Bradbury states in his novel `Fahrenheit 451': `The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies'. Bearing this in mind, it is doubtless that Bradbury is included among the good writers. In his novel, he managed to create a parable about the intellectual wakening of a man and the dangers of censorship, in a society where people are not allowed to think.In an undefined future, the firemen job is to start fire. They are supposed to burn books, and the houses of people who keep published material. Guy Montag is a fireman who has never questioned the pleasures of burning, until one day when out of curiosity he takes a copy of a book home and together with his wife he tries to read. However, they have never read a book, and while they can read, they are not able to understand, to connect the sentences. This is just the awakening of Montag's mind. We know there is something about him, and that he won't be the same until we reach the last page.Rather than being far fetcher Bradbury created a timeless story. Things like those describes in the book have been happening for ages. We may not literally burn books, but books, newspapers and magazines are burnt everyday. Like he describes in the book it began with one minority ripping one paragraph, then another, then one more... until the day that it would be better to burn the whole book. We live in the age of minorities, and we should watch out some request.The present edition is followed by an `Afterword' and a `Coda' written by Bradbury in first person. In the first he tells specifically about this novel, the process of writing and once more give voice to his characters to talk about themselves and they world they --and us-- live. In the second part, the writer talks about how timeless his novel indeed is. These two last chapters are very clarifying and help a lot in the understanding of the book. My suggestion is: read this novel, think of it, and see how the world can be one day. And then do your part to avoid things in this book becoming real, because `Fahrenheit 451' can be anything, but far fetched.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: This book would have been better if the couples were switched though to tell you the truth I don't understand why Bridig was even in the book, she was extremely irritating. Brodick was also another irritating character, I mean like some kind of wild caveman. I Liked Gillian and Ramsey and think they would have made a better couple. This is her first book where I think she overwrote the male lead. This is the first book I've read by JG that I wasn't crazy about but Gillian, Ramsey, Ian and Judith made up for the shortcoming with this one.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Impressive punk band.. Best of the late seventies/early eigthies. Can't help listening over and over.

review/helpfulness: 4/25
review/text: What a horrible book; hard to read; too many characters; I never did figure out what the whole thing was about. I can't believe this won a Nobel Prize. Definitely a waste of time reading.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I haven't read the book, and from reviews I've read, if you've read the book, the movie seems to fall short. But if you take this movie as a visually stunning masterpiece, you won't be disappointed. There are so many subtleties that capture the essence of the story without actually spelling it out for you. And it's NOT a typical romantic comedy. It's more a story about LOVE and life, appreciating what you have and finding the beauty in the smallest things. The humor is charming, the images extraordinary. Diane Lane is SUPERB in her role, and all the characters are endearing. This is a heart-warming, captivating movie that should be experienced by everyone!

review/helpfulness: 0/14
review/text: This is the first time I have ordered a book online and was a little hesitant due to time restraints. My daughter needed George Orwell's 1984 for school and being unable to find it in a local bookstore, we tried ordering it off the internet. Supposedly delivery was delayed and we began to wonder if it would get here within 10 days for her deadline. The book arrived in 3 days in new condition and saved the day!

review/helpfulness: 12/12
review/text: Isaac Asimov's "Foundation" was not conceived as the beginning of series of novels. It was not conceived as a novel. It was not even conceived entirely by Isaac Asimov.Beginning in the late 1930s and for decades thereafter, the editor of the most prestigious and far more important, the best-paying monthly publication in science fiction was John W. Campbell of Astounding Science Fiction (now known as Analog.)Before taking over the editorship of the magazine, Campbell had been a popular hack writer of unabashed, wild-eyed space opera. A typical Campbell plot involved a couple of young American go-getters who whomp up a superduper space cruiser in their garage, set out on a test flight around Saturn, find themselves hurled into another dimension by a short circuit, and stumble on a planet inhabited by humans who are at war with some interplanetary Nasties who display unusually bad table manners. They forge an alliance with the good humans against the bad Nasties which, a few hundred pages later, inevitably leads to the utter annihilation of the world of the Nasties, not to mention the Nasties themselves and every vestige of their million year-old civilization and culture. By the literary standards of pulp magazine science fiction in 1936, this was pretty sophisticated stuff.When Campbell took over the reins of the magazine in 1938, he raised his sights. In short order he dumped the old stable of writers whose collective knowledge of science could have been stuffed into a peanut shell with room to spare and began cultivating new ones. A. E. van Vogt specialized in social science mumbo-jumbo that actually sounded like it meant something. L. Sprague deCamp had a sense of humor. Robert Heinlein possessed a literary spark that might be carefully fanned into a flame. And Isaac Asimov was a college kid from Brooklyn who wrote stories to stretch out the limited income generated by his father's candy store.All these and many others were overawed by the wondrous fact that the godlike JWC deigned to accept their humble stories--after he mercilessly picked apart their flaws and demanded re-writes, pronto!Those were the heroic days of magazine publishing. Editors in general and Campbell in particular did not wait for undisciplined and slothful writers to hatch ideas. No, JWC would call in his disciples and hand out plot lines and devices to be made into short stories, novelets and serialized novels. To van Vogt he tossed the idea of a totalitarian society whose tyranny was leavened by weapons shops that sold guns which could only be used in self defense. From deCamp, citing Mark Twain's "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court," he demanded to know what would happen if a contemporary American were hurled back from Mussolini's Italy to post-imperial Rome. Of Heinlein he demanded a series of stories that would collectively outline the history of the next few hundred years. For Asimov he reserved a far larger patch of history. What, he queried, would happen when a galaxy-spanning empire finally decayed and began to fall?Asimov pondered. Then, in his own words, "With a little bit of cribbin' / From the works of Edward Gibbon / And that Greek Thucydides," Asimov took the Roman Empire of the Fifth Century and cast it into the stars as the expiring Empire of Trantor. From Eighteenth Century France he took the Encyclopedists and renamed them the Foundation. Finally he spiced up his literary gumbo with blather about "psychohistory," a mathematically-based fortune telling system which yielded valid results when the human population achieved the vast numbers only attainable in a galaxy-spanning civilization.Campbell bought the first story. The fans--at the time, a demographic aged 12-25 and virtually all-male--loved it. Campbell ordered more stories. The Trantorian Empire fell, but slowly and reluctantly. The fans loved it. The Empire blazed up under the last great imperial general, Bel Riose. (Gibbon's Belisarius, get it?) The fans loved it. A Napoleon-like conqueror appeared to muddy up the predictions of the psychohistorians. The fans loved it. Darkness and barbarism followed the collapse of civilization across the Milky Way. And the fans loved it. On and on it went, to book, to trilogy, beyond--even to new books written by other hands long after the passing of Campbell and Asimov.The fans still love it.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Rereading the Dharma Bums after probably a ten-year hiatus, I am struck by how foreign the beatniks seem to us today and how that impression must have been magnified tenfold for the Leave It To Beaver folks whom we are told ran the country back in the fifties. Then again Ray, Kerouac's protagonist, hitchhiked back and forth across America and found a surprising degree of tolerance if not admiration from the people stopping to give him a ride. Maybe that's just the nature of people on the move or maybe America wasn't really 100% homogenous like the beats and the flower children who followed them claimed.It would do "the kids today" good to read this book. I'll wager at least half of them won't get past the poetic language with which Kerouac writes his alleged prose. For the texting generation, Kerouac might as well be Shakespeare. A quick read fails to fully appreciate the music in his words. Slow down and enjoy.For those willing to embrace this new language, a world governed by thought, belief, emotion, experience, appreciation for nature and attention to basic human needs is unveiled; a world plunked down in the midst of the newborn consumer-driven American society governed by brands, advertising, the lure of "convenience," and the first hesitant salvos of pop culture. Kerouac's characters are as well-versed in Buddhism as the Middle America folks they meet are fluent in Christianity. For an introduction to American Zen Buddhism as it emerged in the beat culture of the fifties and early sixties, read Alan Watt's The Way of ZenThe Way of Zenand then read The Dharma Bums, looking up and studying every reference to Buddhism you don't understand. It's on my list of things to do, along with hiking to Desolation Peak. If you ever listened to the Doors and didn't understand why Jim Morrison sang "the West is the best," read The Dharma Bums and then Steinbeck's Cannery RowCannery Row: (Centennial Edition), and you'll begin to see, if not agree. It wouldn't have broken my heart if the last half of the book had been devoted to Ray's two months on Desolation Peak instead of just the last ten pages, but his adventures hitch-hiking, sitting in his family's woods, sleeping beneath the stars and eucalyptus trees, and riding the rails on the Midnight Ghost are worth every page devoted to them.Only Shot At A Good Tombstone

review/helpfulness: 5/8
review/text: as a drummer, I always want to have my hands on any ablum that feature Josh Freese on drum, and Sleepwalker is one of those, after giving that a listen, I just can't put that down, it's not just because of Freese, it's also because Radford worte some of best tunes of our time, the whole album is full of great song writing and arrangment, the way they put together loops and real instruments brings great climax to songs and will definitely blow you away with all of the their energy.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: 3 months with them and my left boot it open in half i think the glue they use is not good i mean 70 bucks for 3 months is not worth it

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: Required reading. Unfortunately Orwell was not obvious enough. 1984 was not a prediction of what was to come. Orwell was writing about what already existed. As I read some reviews and talk to &quot;educated&quot; people, I'm amazed at how many believe that Orwell was not talking about America but rather some &quot;evil&quot; empire like Russia, China or Cuba. Wake up Winston! Big Brother has been alive and well for HUNDREDS of years. Could terrorism be our present &quot;outside threat&quot;? It depends on whether outside means inside. Ask Emperor Clinton. Does sex mean sex? Does Is mean is? Newspeak is here to stay. If you'd like to read something clearly written about government and society look for HOW TO SAVE AMERICA AND THE WORLD: The Elimination of Terrorism, Greed and Other Evils. (Available January 2002)

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: I loved this album! I'm only 15, but i know my music, and this music is something i am definitely glad to know. It's different, it's fun, it's interesting, and it's one of a kind! If you don't have it, get it! Share it with everyone! I guarantee it will give you a whole new meaning of music. With Bruce Haack's inventiveness, and Esther Nelson's expressiveness, you will want to listen to it again and again!

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: An excellent work on one town's experience in the Holocaust. It contains an excellent array of documents from the time, hidden at great risk by the inhabitants. This book should dissuade any reader of the notion that the Jews of Europe did not fight back.

review/helpfulness: 18/27
review/text: Firstly, I find it startling that Vintage would deign to publish something so poorly written. The semi-literacy of this prose (I'm being generous) does, if nothing else, suggest that Miss Souljah didn't use a ghost writer. The words, in all their ghettofied glory, are hers. Booker T. Washington would have wept. While I can appreciate to some extent this woman's pathological disgust of whites, I cannot understand the roots of her homophobia or anti-Semitism. Her easy-way-out philosophy (Everybody's to Blame Except Me) is the very thing that keeps her where she is.

review/helpfulness: 13/17
review/text: The Piano Teacher is a beautifully acted, wonderfully cinematic, and deeply disturbing masterpiece. It is quite unlike any other motion picture experience I have ever had.Isabelle Hubert is a brilliant actress and she absolutely shines in her role as a psychotic piano teacher who can't get what she wants, so goes out to ruin the life of others. The movie reveals this slowly and beautifully. I was impressed that there was no attempt at pop psychology or mediocre explanations that you would expect in a Hollywood melodrama with similar subject matter. The film is done in a simple, elegant, and gut-wrentching style, sure to fascinate and disturb, even if the film is hated in the end. Also worth mentioning is that Hubert's troubled but sympathetic character lives with her mother, in what has to be one of the most chilling mother/child relationships since PSYCHO.This is an exceptional film, thought-provoking, powerful, and strangely moving. It is not for those who can't face the dark side of human nature. It's far from being a life affirming &quot;feel good&quot; movie; it's a movie that is difficult to watch and raises plenty of questions. If the difficult subject matter of 'Irreversible' interested you, then this is your kind of movie. I enjoyed it immensely, as uncomfortable as I was watching it, and consider it a worthwhile, rewarding experience.The film has a haunting and disturbing finale, and is not always easy to digest, and therefore, it is not for all tastes. For fans of French or art-house cinema, this is definitely your cup of tea.Note: Stay away from the R-rated version, which goes so far as to blur out the video images in a porn shop.Grade A.

review/helpfulness: 0/18
review/text: This is an absolutely not useful book. It is not understood at all and it is written so that no body can understand it but the author himself. So I do not recommend for you to buy it. Please save your money.TM

review/helpfulness: 3/8
review/text: This is a good movie. Just stay away from this version. I was excited and bought it on release day only to find out that it is just the feature film. I was really disappointed. I would never have purchased this movie if I had known that it was the feature only. Yes, I know, in my excitement to get the movie, it was my own fault for not looking carefully at the back of the box, although, nowhere could I find that it says feature film only. I used to download movies illegally. I stopped and started buying them legit again because the special features are really enjoyable. When the companies charge full price for the feature only (which i can get from netflix anyway), I feel cheated. Maybe everyone should start downloading illegally and really send hollywood or whoever a message that if they want our hard earned money they need to work a little harder for it. This is just my rant.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Forget everything you have ever heard about Joan Crawford (good or bad) and watch "Sudden Fear." Crawford, at 47, delivers one her greatest performances of her 45 year career. To denny that Crawford couldn't be as good as Bette Davis (or better) is bull, or she wouldn't have been able to have more time in the spot light than Davis, especially as she grew older. "Sudden Fear" is filled with an excellent cast all around and the suspense builds up slowly, then the confrontation between Joan Crawford and Jack Palance's characters reaches it's height. The only thing I didn't like was that there were no special features, but the film itself is perfect. There are few Crawford films on DVD, this is a must have for not only fans of hers, but people who just like watching a good movie, especially film noir fans.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I have a small business and it was important that the envelope feeder work well. From day 1, this has been a nightmare. Components of the printer block the envelopes/labels and they don't feed properly. If you use internet postage, you lose money with the misfed labels/envelopes. I'm very disappointed and am shopping for a new printer now, only a short time after purchasing this one.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: If I were to give this book the review it deserved I'd be here for a week and Amazon would have to split off a new website just to handle the size. So I'll just say this...1984 is beyond important, it is a masterpiece of relevance no matter the year you read it in. If you are being forced to read this book, don't worry. Don't be intimidated. This is one very weird, very scary, and very entertaining book. Orwell is a master at setting the creepy tone of a world without freedom, where you know that everything you do is scrutinized by unseen eyes. Yes there's definitely a strong message that is coming across. Look a little closer at the story and you'll find a potent argument against Communism, Fascism, Totalinarianism, and many more political -isms. I can't promote this book enough. It is timeless. It is horrifying. And it is real. And please forgive a total stranger for offering advice, but if you haven't read it yet, you need to.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: Just brilliant color quality and great B&W.;When using photo paper you cannot see any pixelation! It's like having your own printing lab.Unlike my many epson printers in the past, there is also no degradation in quality over time (8 mths.)The one problem I had was that the printing unit inside was stuck when it arrived. It made an awful grinding sound when it tried to start up, so I had to call support (not toll free!!). They explained that I had to apply pressure to a certain area to free the unit. It was all a bit stressful and it eventually worked and I have had no problems since.The ink cartridges seem to last way longer than my epson ones did in the past. Just recently changed both (8 mths) with fairly regular use. I probably printed 50+ 4x6 glossies.I have not seen or tried any of the newer epsons, they may be be comparable in all respects. I have my doubts though....it worked flawlessly on my XP OS.

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: For years after its release, "Super Mario Bros." has been slammed as one of the worst video-game-to-big-screen adaptations, if not the worst. Yes, it does have its problems, the biggest of which is its identity crisis. It has plot, characters, motivation, and all the other good stuff a movie should have, but it doesn't know what it wants to be half the time. Is it a light-hearted action/adventure comedy? A dark cyberpunk thriller? A biting social satire? It's all of these and more in places, but never has that one, single, unifying catalyst to complete the reaction.And yet...that's part of its charm. It's all over the place, but it has something for everyone. As other reviewers have said, eagle-eyed viewers will spot countless references to the games, like a nightclub called "Bullet Bill's", and of course the infamous Bob-ombs. There are many, many more, but...let's not ruin the surprise, shall we? (Side note: Some people have complained about the current release's picture quality. A restored and remastered print may yet bring all of the details out into the open.)There is also more to be discovered about SMB. Over the past few years, a small but steadily-growing group of fans has been doing research into the behind-the-scenes aspects, conducting interviews with cast and crew, collecting rare unproduced scripts and deleted scenes, and piecing the puzzle together. There should be a future 2-disc release with all of those treasures on it, because the bare-bones version that's currently out on the shelves just doesn't do it justice.Soon, "Super Mario Bros.: The Movie" will be twenty years old. That's twenty years of an unfair reputation, and it's an excellent opportunity for Disney to bring out a new edition with extra features so that film fans and gamers alike can see the truth about this hidden gem of a cult classic. As the review on the front of the box says, "it's a blast!"

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: Beauty is in the bones. This book gives your story good bones, and you end up knowing why. It is a clear explanation of how to do the structure of a story so the end product is a top model. You have to supply the writing, a big commitment, but you won't have the feeling when you're done that something is incomplete or wrong - and all your work goes to something which misses the mark.We have all seen too many movies where the verdict is "Interesting!" To a writer, this is deadly. It means that all the work of director and actors and film crew, editors and producers, went for naught because the starting place, the script, had the final flaws buried in its pages. Use this book and your story will have a coherence and an internal logic that will be solid and subtle - and when you put on it the forensic anthopologist's 'layer of flesh,' what will stare back at you will be a thing of beauty.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: The same comments I wrote on the sister disc to this Marco Polo release (Ulalume, Bronwen, The Bells etc.) go for this one but with one big difference. On the first CD for Holbrooke's Orchestral Works we had over 71 minutes music whereas here we have just over 46 minutes. It seems that Marco Polo decided to cheapskate us captive purchasers who they know will always pay full price for any rare collection of English Music which is unavailable elsewhere. The works here are all 'bleeding orchestral chunks' from Holbrooke's Welsh legend trilogy and are beautifully played and recorded throughout. The Birds of Rhiannon is a very serious substantial tone poem and the fluttering birds music, played as Bronwen dies in the arms of Caradoc in his opera, is very evocative. The Children of Don and Dylan both contain much beautiful music, revealing a lyrical gift as well as an ability to build up tension by the use of horns and brass, backed by heavy percussion. It is all good. I just wish that Marco Polo could have been a little more generous with the spare 25-30 minutes capacity on this CD and provided the starved public with some more rarities from this neglected composer. However, we have to take the rough with the smooth (in coloquial English: we mustn't grumble) and if you love this kind of music, just buy it and keep smiling! After all, at least this stuff on the CD is now available...lose one star though.

review/helpfulness: 4/13
review/text: Its been a long time coming, and now that Garage Inc. is finally here, the big question is, does it stink. The answer; Yes and No. The second disc, a compilation of every cover recorded by the band between 1984 and 1995, displays the bands obvous love for NWOBHM groups like Motorhead and Diamond Head, as well as punks like the misfits. If there is a complaint about this disc, its the sound quality. Instead of going back digitally remastering tracks like &quot;The Prince&quot; and &quot;Breadfan&quot;, as well as the 4 Motorhead covers, which were never properly produced, the band have simply thrown the originals on the cd, complete with dodgy sound quality. Overall, the second CD earns 4 stars The first Cd, on the other hand, is vintage Bob Rock-produced, slick sounding, 90's metallica. This Cd also contains a more schizophrenic range of songs, form very non-metal artist like Bob Seger and Nick Cave, thru to vintage 70's hard rock like BOC and Black Sabbath. The verdict-3 stars The most obvious diferences between the two discs are Hammetts solos and the sound quality. disc 1 doesn't contain one good solo, and is instead full of... Load-style... poor attempts at branching that simply dont work. The second disc, however, is chock full of 80's hammett at his best

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: As a long-time Christian, I had to admit that my disciplines were somewhat haphazard. This book is not advocating legalism but encourages discipline while offering insight as to why it is important in order to live a rewarding God-pleasing Christian life. Put into practice, it will cause you to constructively strengthen your Christian walk.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: But sometimes it seems that way and for New York lawyer Ron Sinzheimer, on October 9, 1998, it was beyond dangerous, it was deadly. There aren't any more General Aviation accidents here than other parts of the country and there's nothing particularly stunning about this one so there's little reason to remember it. A man and the family dog in a single engine Grumman Traveler flying into the Cape to link up with his wife and son at their vacation home. Because I remember this accident, live nearby in Brewster, and it speaks to something of keen interest to me, my perception of the book may be quite colored and thus this &quot;five-star&quot; review. Nevertheless Phaedra Hise has written a compelling story that will be of interest to a much broader audience than GA pilots and people who live on the Cape.The challenges associated with flying to and from the Cape are all to do with weather, specifically fog and haze. That means &quot;instrument flight rules&quot; and talking about flying as different from &quot;visual flight rules&quot; as night is from day. Besides the personal tragedy to the Sinzheimer family, the thrust of Hise's book is that once a pilot has lost visual reference to the horizon things very quickly begin to unwind. It takes a sharp pilot to sort out the conflict between what his senses say - &quot;i'm turning&quot; - and what the instruments read - wings are level. PILOT ERROR is too innocuous a description for the multitude of things (mostly bad) that are taking place in such situations. Sometimes the various instruments seem to be contradicting each other and you must fight the panic that comes when your mind screams that it needs a visual reference in order to understand.Hise could have used a famous case that everyone would have remembered in order to get across her message that instrument flight rules are a critical skill for any GA pilot. The struggle with understanding what his instruments were telling him was the same for John F Kennedy Jr when he was flying through haze on the way to Martha's Vineyard in 1999. Using his flight would have meant focusing on him rather than where the real story is - five small instrument dials, that GA pilots must be absolutely familiar with - lest we become an accident statistic or the subject of a powerfully descriptive and very well written book.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I loved this book- as a neopagan it gave me insight into how much of Wicca, and in turn, neopaganism developed. I realize it does only focus on Wicca itself and that there were several other movements contributing to the rise of Neopaganism, but the book's title states the topic so no reader should be expecting much else! On the flip side, because they helped contribute, Freemasons, Aleister Crowley, and others are covered even though they themselves were not Wiccan. Overall, excellent book, well-written, and a must-read for any and all people even interested in Neopaganism, Wicca, or modern witchcraft!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: True, DigiCube no longer manufactures this OST, and the best you'll find is some pirated version from Son May or Ever Anime, but either way, get your hands on this soundtrack. It's a brilliant piece of music elegantly composed by Ms. Shimomura, who is now known for her works on Kingdom Hearts.The first track, Primal Eyes, is crafted to fit the game to a Tee, but leave it alone and you have a beautiful techno song. The soundtrack progresses to invent new compositions that hadn't been offered around 1998, and still can't be offered as enthusiastically as Yoko Shimomura herself has. As I've said; pick it up. You won't be disappointed!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Do you like Clutch? Because if you do, you'll recognize a lot of that band's sound here. Thick, heavy grooves? Check. Gravelly, wailed vocals? Check. Thumping rhythm section? Check. Massive guitar riffs and fuzzy lead work? Well, you get the idea. However, past the Clutch resemblances, there is a lot that makes this album interesting. Joe Selby is an outstanding guitarist who pulls off an enormous array of sounds. Opener "Fear Death By Water" demonstrates the range of his abilities right off the bat, with a combination of monster riffs and addictive slide guitar work. Other, slower tunes see him branching out into acoustic work, with Dan Kerzwick bringing his vocal energy down a notch to match. The band mixes harder tunes with the slower and softer stuff for a while after "Fear Death by Water," until it reaches its peak towards the end with the monstrously heavy "Red Colony" and "Rumor Den." There aren't any truly weak songs on here, and the diversity of the songs keeps "Seed of Decades" from ever getting boring. I look forward to more good things to come from this band.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: I was excited to come across Lene Gammelgaard's book as I love to read about women who share my taste for adventure. Imagine how disappointed I was to find that Ms. Gammelgaard could not write about anything outside of herself. Yes, I know it is a personal account of climbing Everest, but her trip was not a solo ascent. From her account though, you would think no one else was around. Okay, perhaps that is a slight exaggeration, but I was pretty tired of Ms. Gammelgaard far before the end of this book. Additionally, her writing style is quite disjointed and distracting. I find it difficult to believe the claim that she has &quot;been a journalist,&quot; unless you understand that to include anyone who has, perhaps, simply kept a journal.If you want to get a feel for being a woman and climbing, better to try Stacy Allison or Ruth Anne Kocour. You will get much more rich detail from either of those, along with more of a sense of the community of climbing.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: The thing I like most about this directory is how easy it is to look up the cross referenced information: time zone, area code changes, zip, city. I found the maps helpful and the layout very easy to use. Everyone in my office now has one of these books on their desk - and that's the end of the old ZIP and area code hassles.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: Stumbled across this recently and found it an agreeable and on-target accound of life in Japan, based on my own experience. Some parts soar, others drag, but one could say that about almost any biographical work that rings true. I've found one other memoir that more thoroughly nails shut the whole (surprisingly huge) "teaching in Japan from the male perspective" genre, but Feiler's book fills in a lot of blanks for those who wonder what it's like to live and teach in Japan, and does it in an engaging manner.

review/helpfulness: 5/19
review/text: Please I can You send me 5 of the Stars, thanks

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: A wonderfully captivating and uplifting story. If you read it to the small children in your life and don't tell them otherwise they will believe it to be the truth. They may also be inspired (and you might as well) because the story is a detailed, rich allegory that tugs at the heart strings. I had read this fable a long time ago. One day the title popped into my head and I just had to acquire the book and read it again. I wasn't disappointed. Any time you read this story, your positive outlook will be enhanced.

review/helpfulness: 9/11
review/text: Because I do a folk music show on public radio, I listen to a lot of music. Some weeks, I receive more than 60 cds to preview to play on the air. Most of the time, I listen to them once. &quot;Stone Dog Soup&quot; is one that I want to hear again and again. Between Guy Clark's exquisite writing style, his exceptional musician friends, and his outstanding taste in choosing music that he hasn't written to interpret for the listeners, this cd is worth the price of admission. The wide range of styles--from the title cut to &quot;Sis Draper&quot;--brings Guy Clark alive into your living room or the cd player in your car. After hearing this one, it was difficult to move on to the many others I needed to preview. Now I'm buying two more for friends. This is, as they say in Texas, a good 'un. Make that a great 'un. Do your holiday shopping early, and put Guy Clark at the top of the list!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: In the cold winter of1775, the American troops were stuck without ammunition, cannons or guns. So the American troops set out to look for left over guns in Ticonderoga. They had to go through lots of trouble to get there! The British had tons of weapons, so they were ready!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Read this book to see if the American soldiers survive the long trip to Ticonderoga.In Guns For General Washington the book takes place in 1775(in Boston). It's very cold outside and it is old in Ticonderoga. Paul Revere is 15 years old. Paul's parents move, but Paul decides to stay and keep the house protected.I give this book a five star ratting because it is very cool and it has lots of description! I would recommend this book to anyone that likes to know about wars and likes action!

review/helpfulness: 5/11
review/text: I would like to see a review of this Element Classics of World Spirituality edition of Pilgrim's Progress. I realize that it is a widely read book, but which edition is best? Is *THIS* edition good? There's been about 500 different editions of this book since the time it was written! Someone please write a review of *THIS* edition!Please ignore my rating. It is not valid. I had to put something there to publish this message.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: A friend of mine suggested this book for a number of years. Having seen the not-so-great movie (for one reason), the book just didn't appeal to me. But I finally relented and read it. And I loved it. In fact, I immediately read the 4 sequels and I'm anxiously waiting for the 6th and (possibly) final book in the series. Maybe I like them because I'm not a literature snob (that's a friendly snipe at another reviewer).Ayla is a great heroine. She is beautiful, smart, and a survivor! Of course all of her achievements (taken together in this and the later books) aren't realistic. She is an idealized character. She is symbolic of the new and improved, modern homo sapiens. And I dig her!My only criticism of the book is that the frequent lengthy descriptions of the flora are repetitive and long-winded, but after a while I learned to skim through those pages (sorry, Jean).For entertainment value, "Clan of the Cave Bear" and its sequels can't be beat. There are hardships, conflicts, conquests, and loving relationships. But there is much more here than just entertainment; there is an education in anthropology and botany that should be worth a few college credits!I found "Clan of the Cave Bear" and the entire series to be totally unique -- human drama and lovable characters (all except Broud, that is), when the characters are all cave people! Who would have thought?!? And by the way, after reading the books and then watching it again, the movie really wasn't that bad!

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: I first heard Nik Kershaw's 15 Minutes CD at a listening station at a record store when it first came out. I am not a big fan of his, but I remember him from the early/mid 1980s and was interested in what he was doing currently. Boy, was I surprised. The first track is unbelievably catchy. The chorus is wonderful. "Have a Nice Life" is nice in a sing-along sort of way. "Find Me an Angel" is hauntingly beautiful. "Your Brave Face" is an addictive rocker. "What Do You Think of It So Far?" has one of the best choruses I've heard in a long time. "God Bless" is a different-sounding song with some interesting, and strangely familiar, guitar work. "Fiction" is a pleasant, slow number with more nice acoustic guitar and lyrics like: "If they made a film of the book of the memory with Bobby De Niro and Demi De Moore, you'd sit in your seat with your popcorn and chocolate, and wonder aloud at the point of it all." The heavy sounding chorus to "Made in Heaven" makes the song. "Shine On" is adequate but "15 Minutes" is an excellent ending, I especially like the synthesizer/orchestra part. Almost every track here is excellent. The only track I do not care for as much is "Billy" which seems like overly forced story-telling about a girl looking for Mr. Right and falls for a boy wanting numerous Mrs. Rights. It is cute, though, and I think a lot of people will like it.As one might guess, I bought this CD right after leaving the listening station, and only when I got home to listen to it on my stereo did I discover that this CD does not end with "15 Minutes" but includes a bonus remake of Kershaw's early 1980s hit "Wouldn't It Be Good." I was very happy to hear this song, as it was the track I most remember from Nik Kershaw's 1980s output. It is slower rendition of the song with acoustic guitar. It is not as good as the original, of course, but it was still a welcomed surprise. 13 quality tracks! I would not be surprised if Kershaw's most devoted fans call 15 Minutes his best album.

review/helpfulness: 1/11
review/text: This is a review of The original Romeo and Juliet, not this specific edition.Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. A book so rooted in popular culture that in all likelihood you knew the plot, the characters and the ending years before you picked it up, or if you were like me, were required to read it for educational reasons.I wonder if I really know what I'm getting into by criticizing this book. In all likelihood I'm going to get a wave of negative comments because of what I'm about to say. To badmouth The Bard is almost to badmouth literature itself, and I don't want to do that.Thomas Jefferson once said "I cannot live without books", If anything is true about me, it's that.But thats the thing, technically, RAJ isn't a book, it's a PLAY. This means that it relies on those playing the parts of it's characters to provide any and all emotional depth, without whom it feels completely deadpan and flat. Maybe I'm wrong, as I've yet to see a live performance, and would be interested in seeing on. Without seeing one, Its hard to find what the characters were trying to get across to one-another when each one is trying to be poetic and overly dramatic. you really have to dig to find for example, the phrase "I love you" in a five minute monologue.But this is just my opinion. Maybe I would have liked it if I hadn't been forced to read it in High school, if you do read of your own free will, judge it after you've finished it, not because of what the back cover says.

review/helpfulness: 24/24
review/text: Verdi's creative genius must have been running white hot when he composed this lovely poignant masterpiece and not surprisingly it has remained one of the world's favourite operas ever since. However, it requires a sympathetic sensitive approach for any production to do its treasures full justice. This recording of a live performance, in the venue where the opera originally received its premier, certainly meets the challenge! Indeed I found the entire production quite exceptional.Central to this success is Edita Gruberov&aacute;'s outstanding performance. Whether being enchanting and beautiful at her soir&eacute;e in Act 1, or distraught and appealing in Act 2, through to the difficulties of the ending in Act 3, musically, vocally and dramatically she is absolutely superb. Her lovely bright soprano takes on wonderful subtle shades of tone and her controlled pianissimo is at times unbelievable. Hers is no mere role, she is Violetta.Her fellow principles are scarcely less admirable. Arguably Verdi gives the elder Germont some of the best arias in the opera and Giorgio Zancanaro makes the most of these. A commanding presence on stage, his powerful rich baritone provides the perfect foil for the diva, matching her for artistry and depth of feeling. Together in scene one of Act 2, they produce, what is perhaps the highlight of the opera for me. I find myself replaying it time and again, yet still finding some new subtle nuance previously overlooked.Neil Schicoff as Alfredo is also in fine voice, but vocally he may lack a little of the finesse constantly exhibited by his fellow principles. Also, to be really nit picky, I found his tendency to sweat under the lights a tad distracting. That being said, his acting is up there on the same exalted plain as the others.Conductor Carlo Rizzi draws splendid playing from the resident orchestra in nice balance with the vocal lines. He is spacious in the lyrical passages, whilst making the most of Verdi's exciting rhythms to drive the more dramatic passages.Verdi's choruses are always an integral part of his attraction and in this production they will surely not disappoint. Oh yes, and there is a little makeweight in the form of a delightful cameo ballet appearance by Gabrielle Brown in Act 2, scene 2.The atmosphere created by the Teatro la Fenice, together with the simple but well designed sets and colourful costumes are all part of the production's overall charm. As with all such recordings one catches a few extraneous sounds and audience noise, but this never becomes too intrusive; neither is the spontaneous applause after some of the major arias. Indeed one feels like joining in.I am aware that there are several versions of this opera available, but I am not in a position to make comparisons as this is the only one I have experienced. However, I feel it would take the harshest possible critic to find too much at fault with this one. Personally I am really enthusiastic about this DVD. In fact I absolutely love it and if I could award it more than five stars I would not hesitate to do so.

review/helpfulness: 4/10
review/text: William Trevor?s Felicia?s Journey tracks the unfortunate travels and travails of its hero in the gothic, semi-industrial cityscape of a late twentieth-century English factory town. Her meeting of one Mr. Hilditch, the head caterer at one of town?s several factories, brings the poor girl?s already troubled life to a harrowing peril of both the physical and moral sorts.Trevor?s somnambular style glides us through a fallen dreamscape studded with flashbacks in a manner that almost exempts him of the empathetic anguish inflicted upon the reader. Almost. Indeed, Trevor?s national allegory is so grief ridden, so utterly bleak that it is difficult to appreciate the merits of this work. Felicia is so painfully nave that it becomes difficult to sympathize with her even as she is dragged through exhaustive turmoil. The audience?s hope in redemption is dashed like waves against the very shore upon which Felicia lands. So used to such incessant emotional torment is the reader that the climax fails to impress. Trevor leaves us unnecessarily jaded, allowing one final glimmer of hope only to have it washed away in the tide. As such, this reader finds it necessary to give Mr. Trevor a generous four thumbs up (out of a possible ten).

review/helpfulness: 9/12
review/text: As the fifth book in the Night World series, 'The Chosen' improves on all four of the previous books, drawing on deeper themes and ideas than the rest, and setting the scene for this continuing trend in the next book 'Soulmate'.Rashel Jordan is only five years old when she witnesses her mother being killed and her younger brother Timmy being drunken from by a vampire. Because she's seen the killer and is telling others about what happened he comes after her when she stays at her Aunt Corinne's house, burning it to the ground. Rashel is alone in the world.At seventeen years old, she is the bane of vampire-kind. Calling herself 'the Cat' she hunts and kills their kind in all of the major cities, and there is a large bounty on her head. At the time this story takes place Rashel goes to the Lancers, a human organisation for killing vampires and joins in with a small group who're watching a warehouse that has been lately occupied by vampires. Their goal is to catch a vampire and discover its reasons for being there - through torture if need be. Among the group is a young girl named Nyala whose sister was killed by a vampire. Yet when the vampire is caught and the others go to scout around, Rashel finds that to her horror she and the vampire - Quinn (last seen in Daughters of Darkness) are soulmates. Letting him go, Rashel finds that she is suddenly wanted by both sides of the fight - the vampires still have a bounty on her head, and the Lancers think she has defected to the other side.And it doesn't end there. While on the run from both of them Rashel literally runs into a young girl Daphne Childs, who is one of the missing young girls of late. With her in tow Rashel has access to exactly what the vampires are up to. For unknown reasons - though Rashel suspects its the slave trade - girls are being abucted from a club known as the Black Iris by none other than Quinn himself. Rashel's mission is clear - get into the club, become one of these 'chosen' and thus get herself to one of the secret and hidden vampire enclaves. And she'll have to do it by herself...As you can see, the premise is a fascinating one, and there is no shortage of interesting characters and ideas. Not all vampires are bad, not all humans are good so it would seem, and there are enough twists and turns, suspence and excitement to keep most people interested. It draws on things mentioned from the other books - the enclave is probably much like the ones Rowan, Kestrel and Jade escaped from in Daughters of Darkness, and the password that Rashel uses with the Lancers 'the night has a thousand eyes/and the day only one' is re-used in the prophesy in book seven. L. J. Smith extends more on her idea and the nature of the Night World than previously seen, and several characters pop up that will have appearences in other books - namely Hunter and Lily Redfern.The 'mission' plot strand gives the book some focus (too often L. J. Smith's work rambles, changes, backtracks or doesn't know where its going) and the pace is fast and never dwindles.However, there are a few flaws, the nature of which keeps this book from being a 'five-star' novel. The character of Nyala was a complicated and intriguing one - a girl who was slightly mentally unstable. I don't want to give too much away, but for those who have read the books, I felt that she should have perished in the fire. Okay, that's not very nice of me, but a good author should know when to destroy a character for greater impact in the book's progression. But no, L.J. Smith simply *had* to save her, didn't she. She just *had* to have yet another happy, cliche-ridden ending that is so prevailent in so many of her books. To have Nyala has a tragic figure would have been both poignant and heartbreaking - *that's* what we should have come away from the book feeling.Secondly, Daphne Child's part in the book is pretty implausible. Let me get this straight - she manages to escape from the jaws of certain death and is saves by pure chance by Rashel. And when she is faced with what she got away with, she wants to...do it again? Huh? Yes, yes, she's very brave about going back to the Night Club and letting herself get kidnapped, but come on! - it was just plain stupid. No one in real life would ever do this to themselves. It was the same when Rashel was at the docks and she turned around to find all the girls still there - face it, they would have run like deer.It also ended very abruptly - we don't know what is to become of Timmy, of the girls, of the enclave...it ends with simply the boat sailing back to the shore. I for one had many unanswered questions, and since each book tells of a totally different couple, they weren't to be found in the next book.Finally, the use of the name 'Timmy', brought back Lassie flashbacks: 'Oh no, Timmy's down the well!' Unfortunatly this meant whenever Timmy turned up I was plauged by visions of him floudering in water.All in all however, a good read. One of L.J.'s more suspenseful, darker works. Highly recommended in the context of the Night World series.But 'Timmy'?...

review/helpfulness: 13/17
review/text: I have a Sony Emarker on a Win98SE platform and it works fine. I love how i can find out the name of songs that i had no clue what the songs name was. With emarker it is easy to figure out. just hit the button and plug it in to a computer and u are done. the software is easy to use and uploading emarks is automatic.

review/helpfulness: 13/13
review/text: Life 101 changed the way I look at myself and my relatioship to my life. I have used it as a text in classes for nearly eight year with teachers and drug abuse counselors. The vast majority of my students are changed by it. True, some just don't &quot;get it&quot; but that is a valid and useful experience also. Some of these students have contacted me later with a whole new outlook. It just takes time. Knowing all the the author has gone through in the last few years lends even more meaning to the book. It is worth the effort to read it.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I just partook of this incredible yoga journey by the beach with beautiful music and I am thoroughly STOKED at how well it was all put together! The postures and the stretches are great and perfect for us surfers. I especially liked seeing all the awesome surfing while I was doing yoga...this is by far the best yoga video ever done!!This will definitely help my body now that I'm 45 and have been surfing for 39 years!

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Howard Zinn's approach to history comes directly from his own life experience. He saw the baby boom part of the twentieth century history evolve before his eyes with major events, such as the Civil Rights Movement and the further activism that occurred thereafter, and the effects of the war on Vietnam with archival work, to name a few. HOWARD ZINN ON HISTORY is a collection of essays and articles previously published in notable journals and magazines, such as the Midwestern Archivist and Saturday Review. Zinn examines topics that have affected him academically as well as personally, and appear somewhat out dated but timeless at the same time because of how much has progressed from the time he originally wrote the pieces.The book may serve as a teaching tool for a political or American history classes because of its small format. It is the type of book that will raise questions for the casual history reader as well as the any history major. However, there are serious political overtones that resonate with the majority of the essays that may suggest Zinn's revisionist perspective on history, but he exposes the study of history and the sum of its parts. Zinn states: "The scholar may swear to his neutrality on the job, but whether he be physicist, historian, or archivist, his work will tend, in this theory, to maintain the existing social order by perpetuating its values, by legitimizing its priorities, by justifying its wars, perpetuating its prejudices, contributing to its xenophobia, and apologizing for its class order" (p. 167).Zinn opens the door to history as well as an inquiry into how it is shaped and formed. He probes important topics that have often been overlooked, which raises important questions, what can be considered history, and how long does it take to be history?

review/helpfulness: 15/19
review/text: Nelson Lee's straightforward account of his life as a Texas Ranger and then an Indian captive is enthralling. He also offers a valid critique of how the US govt was misguided in their approach to the Indian problem. Moreover, he pleads for the govt. to do something about those still in captivity. Fewer people might have gone West had they known what was really going on and the dangers ahead. This first-hand account is highly recommended.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: This book and the other 20+ books that Wilbur Smith haswritten are incredible. I have a website dedicated to Smithat www.geocities.com/Athens/Acropolis/wilbur.htmlIf you are a big fan also please visit, and make sure youe-mail me

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: This incredible collection works on so many levels - a glorious celebration of a wonderful music form - one of the very best voices you will ever hear taking these songs to great heights and the thought that Dolly herself is finally making an album of the music she was born to make.Every song practically leaps from the speakers;such is the passion and fervor of all involved.Buy this cd,live with it a little and watch it become part of your life as it has mine.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: This is one of the most inspiring series that I've ever seen. I have seen in the online message boards how many young girls have written to the actresses, talking about how this show has inspired them to become doctors. Many women are out there without good medical care or the means to provide for themselves. This show inspires us women who have nothing to become something. It is also a really cool drama that will open your eyes to diseases and other health related issues in a way that ER will not. ER is more focused on the relationships between the actors, where this show is focused on the health issues and their impacts on the people's lives. A very, very good show. I've gone as far as calling Sony directly, asking them to publish the rest of the seasons!

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: Although it is nearly 60 years old this is still a very enjoyable film. My only regret is that it isn't on DVD with special features like Spotlight on Location, Production Notes, A Theatrical Trailer, Deleted Scenes (if any exist) and an introduction similar to the one found on Casablanca. What a great era of talent that was!

review/helpfulness: 0/11
review/text: Birthright uses the battle system rules that are o.k. but they are not as fun as doing a mass battle by group.

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: I enjoyed this book very much as a child but "get" much more of it now.--Funny, funny, funny, and not the least realistic or representative of the Dark Ages in which Arthur must have (may have) lived.-- White's jokes at the expense of the British upper class of the thirties is first-rate; and there are a few hints of the European conflict building at the time of publication. It is a little silly to try to find anything very profound in this one; for a wonderful and more serious treatment of the Arthurian legend, start with The Crystal Cave by Mary Stewart.

review/helpfulness: 5/17
review/text: As somebody else wrote earlier, it is so much great music out there that these I.Com tracks sound awfully poor and dry to me; maybe if that album would have appeared in the 90s it'd have sounded slightly more surprising, but just a few weeks before Bj&ouml;rk releases Medulla, and definitely late after the Chicks on Speed albums (and without even 10% of their musical imagination) Miss Kittin with her new release is making electronic music sound like a joke, and conceived for people who never heard about Warp, Rephlex and the intelligent vast worlds of true electronica. To avoid.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: Janet Jackson is a very talented women. I will give her that much...but she tries way to hard to be Madonna. Madonna did the whole tie me up thing before you, Janet, and it was obvious that you copied her. But it's all good. The show was great, and unlike Madonna (who sings NO old songs) Janet sang almost all of her greatest hits from the 80s which was awesome. She could have put some more color into the show...and gosh take off those black slacks. The dancer with the short bleached blonde hair was annoying to no extent but the other dancers were cool. The only problem with this concert, is that the transition from one song to the other is really awkward. She should have really thought out the order of each song much better than what she actually did. She should have opened with a hit song too, and done much more with Got 'til It's Gone. Buy this video, it's fun to watch....but lacks a lot of thought.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I have had the Rhomba now for about 8 months and I am very happy with it. There was a problem after about 3 months but after some intense convosations with creative's customer support and online assitance I upgraded the firmware and have had no problems.It can hold enough wma for my needs. It is small enough to go running with (the reason I chose it in the first place). I have a couple of issues with it which would not have stopped me buying it. but may be of concen.Power&#62; power display on the screen bares little relation to the power held in the unit. It never appears to go below about 60% power but has run dry several times. I would (in restrospect) have prefered to have a battery powered as if you don' have a PC around with a USB port, you can be kinda stuck. perhaps someone will come up with a power supply cable which goes straight to a USB conector from an AC source (with whatever voltage they need)radio &#62; when this works it is great.. sadly to get it to work i need to heavily flick the unit a few times. OK not best practace!But as I said do have a small MP3 player which works with WMA and is easy to use I have been very happy with this unit.

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: The product itself is very good. I bought it very frequently from amazon.com since my baby was born.But recently amazon.com raised the price from $7.49 to $10.49 which is much higher than any other grocery stores. Like in Target, the price is only $9.44!If amazon.com still maintains this highest price for this product, the customers like me will go to other stores for sure!

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: In retrospect this huge choral piece seems much more typical of the music Messiaen was writing in the mid-60s than it did at the time of its premiere. The sound world it conjures up is very like that of, say, Et Expecto, Couleurs de la Cite Celeste or Des Cantons aux Etoiles. The major difference is the use of voices. This was Messiaen's first choral piece since the 5 Rechants and the choral style is very different from either that challengingly experimental piece or from the earlier 3 Petites Liturgies - more of a forerunner to St. Francois, in fact. In La Transfiguration the choral writing is largely written in unison for the narrative plainchant-derived sections or in chordal blocks for the many chorale-like passages.If that sounds monotonous, it is more than made up for in the brilliance of the orchestral writing. Here is a profusion of the composer's beloved birds, taken from all over the world. Here is the glitter of a large batterie of tuned percussion. Here is the special sound only Messiaen had the key to in his brass and woodwind writing. And here is all Messiaen's unique synesthetic (seeing harmonies as colours) approach to slowly shifting chords and keys. Here, too, are love-songs to match the central movement of Turangalila, landscapes to match the vivid pictures in Des Canyons or the Catalogue d'Oiseaux and huge marmoreal chorales to match the equivalent movements in Et Expecto or even Messiaen's last orchestral work, Eclairs sur l'au dela.What is distinctive about La Transfiguration, as befits its subject, is the way in which Messiaen seems to be exploring ways of writing music as an objective correlative for light. The nearest comparison I can think of is the late paintings of Monet where he attempted to capture the very nature of light itself in his paint. Whether it's the iridescent shimmer of light on the wings of an exotic bird, the sudden stark flash of lightning on a dark landscape or the blinding brilliance of the light of the Transfiguration itself, Messiaen unerringly finds the appropriate musical metaphor.This is an important recording because the work's sheer size precludes too many performances. Certainly the modern sound is a huge asset, allowing all that colourful orchestral palette to shine at its brightest. But there is something of the Messiaenic ecstasy and abandon missing from this performance. It is all a bit too careful. For example, the piece was partly a response to Rostropovich's repeated requests for a Cello Concerto from the composer and there is a crucial part for solo cello. The cellist on this French performance simply lacks Slava's richness, depth of tone and passion - he's too monochrome. So, too, the singing of the choir, which is musically precise but lacks the variety and colour that show a real response to the text however static the musical line seems to be. The currently unavailable Dorati performance from Washington on Decca, made soon after the work's premiere, comes much closer to an ideal performance. Seek that out if you can. If not, this disc will serve as a more than adequate introduction to a major and little known Messiaen work.

review/helpfulness: 14/14
review/text: Michael O'Shea is surviving a bittersweet summer; the untimely death of his father has sent him spiraling into a grief that only prayer seems to quell, and at the behest of his maternal uncle his family is urged to leave the familiarity and comfort of their Philadelphia home to heal in rural Kentucky. There the only comfort is found in the welcoming smiles and hospitality of strangers, as Michael learns his mother's brother's family are staunch &quot;Bible-believing&quot; folk who choose to live as &quot;plain&quot; people. Socializing among the Amish of that region, Michael's extended family's existence is founded upon a lack of material wants and needs and an abundance of faith.Gradually Michael and his family come to relax and enjoy the company of their relatives. Creature comforts fade into memory, for playing a game of baseball and tucking into homemade ice cream on the front porch appears to yield more enjoyment than a night in front of the television. However, Michael senses something amiss, particularly every time his uncle brings up issues of faith and challenges the boy to validate his own beliefs. As if dealing with the death of his father was not enough to bear, Michael soon realizes his uncle's ulterior motive for bringing his family to Kentucky -- to persuade Michael's mother of the error she made in converting to Catholicism by first converting her children to his beliefs. Michael, a lukewarm student of his own Catholic faith, is suddenly shocked to hear people dismiss the Catholic Church as &quot;pagan&quot; and &quot;unChristian.&quot;Explanations outside of actual Bible quotes (KJV version, mind you) fall upon deaf ears, and Michael is self-propelled into a crash course in apologetics, with only the Bible and the prayers of his mother to sustain him. As Michael prepares to successfully defend the Faith against the local nay-sayers, many of whom know much of the Bible by heart, his confidence grows, and it is his knowledge of the faith through God's Word which helps establish an atmosphere of tolerance which some in this tight-knit community are more willing to embrace than others.Like the works of Bud MacFarlane, Jr., Kennedy's &quot;Philadelphia Catholic&quot; is a teaching novel, an apologetics tool in the guise of an engaging coming-of-age story. Kennedy's eye for detail is evident in his descriptions of Amish country and portrayals of life among the &quot;plain&quot; people, and Michael's dialogue and evangelization is well woven into Kennedy's prose. Kennedy delivers the facts of the faith without making it sound as if the &quot;Philadelphia Catholic&quot; is regurgitating lines from a textbook; the reader should not feel as if he/she is being lectured, and considering the tense climactic scene where Michael faces his challengers as a witness standing trial, Kennedy should be commended for a plausible conclusion to the story. With &quot;Philadelphia Catholic&quot; Kennedy leaves us to decide the validity of the Catholic faith, and through Michael O'Shea he offers convincing arguments bracketed by a touching story.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: This game rocks!!!! The graghics are GREAT!!!!!!!!!! Sound is perfect!! I would HIGHLY reccommend this game!!!

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: i really liked the new FLEX version of the baby dry diapers. this is advertised as the FLEX but wasn't when i recieved it. dissappointing, b/c it's harder to use on my kids without that stretch tab.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: I bought this pair of silk sleep pants and another pair of satin sleep pants. Although both were fine, the silk is superior in comfort and worth the difference in price.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: This book really should be removed from circulation. While basic MIDI information is in there, it is so out of date it just makes it hard to read. Examples are of obsolete or vintage gear and has no real relation to todays musician.Illustrations are all cheesy and look like bad microsoft clipart. Photographs are all poor and dated. The section on MIDI and a personal computers lists atari and commodore as possible good choices - get the picture!If you are looking for charts of Control codes etc, - they are in here, but you can find those anywhere. If you are trying to get information on MIDI in the last decade or so, buy a different book.

review/helpfulness: 28/29
review/text: I thought this book was a fairly good account of the disaster that took place on the Essex. It was lacking in detail in a few places, but was adequately informative in others. This book was an easy and quick read, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoys reading about real-life adventures.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: This movie adaptation of Miles Kundera's book, which I haven't read yet, is a lengthy and illuminating study on freedom versus captivity, strength versus weakness as seen in the interractions between a handsome womanizing surgeon, Tomas, his lover and the woman who understands him most, the artist Sabena, and a Tereza, bright young waitress Tomas meets after performing an operation at a spa-town. Tereza shows up in Prague and unlike his character, they get married, complete with a piglet wearing a necktie whose squeals cause them to giggle uncontrollably at the ceremonyThe movie is set during the Prague Spring, that brief shining moment when a liberal communism under Alexander Dubcek's socialism with a human face, seems possible. To which Tomas mentions the ill-fated uprising in Hungary (1956). Tomas himself contrasts King Oedipus to the Soviet leaders. Oedipus couldn't bear the sight of what he had done to bring about the plagues in Thebes, so he plucked his own eyes out and left. The Soviet leaders though, were unlike Oedipus. Their defense at Stalin's crimes after his death was "We didn't know." Morality also changed since Oedipus. Tomas then says that the Soviet hardliners stayed in power when they should have plucked their eyes out. He writes an article to that effect, something that will cost him dearly later.At one point, the table and glasses rumble as Tomas and Tereza are arguing. An earthquake? Tomas follows Tereza outside. The source of the tremor is then seen. Pushing its way aggressively down the alley towards them is the menacing shadow of a Soviet tank. Yes, it's 20 August 1968.A great highlight is when the picture turns to b&w; portion during the demonstration in Wencesclas Square, soldiers atop tanks, people climbing on top of them, chants of "Dubcek" and "svoboda", the fire of machine guns and people fleeing, bodies covered with Czech flags, with Tomas and Tereza in the thick of the action, marching, fleeing, or in Tereza's case, snapping pictures like mad. The scene ends dramatically with a Soviet soldier warning her, pointing his pistol at her through the lens.Sabena, and later Tomas and Tereza flee for Geneva, but things don't work out. All three journey again, the latter two back to Czechoslovakia, where under the reinforced hardliners under the thumb of Leonid Brezhnev and Gustav Husak, their part in the uprising becomes a liability.Sabena is compatible with Tomas's sex opposed to love. She asks him, "Are you only searching for pleasure or is every a woman a new hat whose secrets you want to discover?" She is sexually independent, strong-minded, and the mistress of her destiny. This is demonstrated when she meets Franz, a married lawyer, in Geneva. At a cafe, she comments on how music becomes noise, that even the plastic flowers are in a filled vase, and points to the building behind her as the "uglification of the world. The only place we can find beauty is where its persecutors have overlooked it. It's a planetary process, and I can't stand it." She becomes Franz's lover, but when he leaves his wife to be with her, she fears for her freedom, realizes she has left one cage behind only to become prey to a different one. But ultimately, freedom leads to another cage, that of loneliness, and the lack of happiness.Tereza wants a monogamous relationship with Tomas, but finds esteem in doing something fulfilling, being a faithful wife who does her part. She can't adapt to Geneva so returns. In doing so, though, it's back to political captivity, back to a totalitarian regime, but at a lower status. If freedom/loneliness doesn't yield happiness, does that mean captivity and community yields it?Yes, there is quite a bit of sex and nudity here, but nothing gratuitous or pornographic. It's more a tasteful erotica, i.e. the much ballyhooed scenes of Sabena and Tereza photographing each other. Sabena comes off as haunted, serene, grave, at times a twinkle of mischief in the photos.Lena Olin gives the strongest performance here, exuding a strong, enigmatic, sensuous aura as the sexually independent Sabena. She would've been a strong candidate as an Oscar nominee. Praiase also to Juliette Binoche's sweet, shy, sensitive, loving Tereza, the role that boosted her to the spotlight. Daniel Day-Lewis's Tomas becomes more developed and human in the film's second half. One of those memorable movies that makes one think in depth.

review/helpfulness: 6/14
review/text: Transformers 3 is seriously a terrible terrible movie. yeah wow cool, special effects that i have seen time and time again, ridiculously long battle scenes that are so incredibly boring they literally make me fall asleep EVERY time i watch them, Terrible story, terrible plot, terrible rendition of classic characters. Why I even gave this movie a third chance is beyond me.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: This album is just so great that it's a crime that so few people know about it. Sometimes just gorgeous and sometimes really crunching cathartic stuff, all combined with the kind of odd murky and haunting sonic atmosphere that you expect from 3MP. This was album was clearly a slapped-together job, comprising of new material plus B sides and outtakes etc over a period of years. And yet the material outdistances anything else they've done. The bass work in particular is phenomenal -- he plays it like a lead guitar. Also, if you're a fan of Pinback then you really should own this. One caveat: I almost never listen to CD2 -- except for the song &quot;The Trail&quot;, which is great -- and the very first song on CD 1 is really the worst on the album. So don't let that put you off, because the rest of that first CD... wow. Wow! If my desert island disc was limited to one choice, it might be this one. (Well, okay, a Beatles disc might win instead, but only just.) Really, it's that good.

review/helpfulness: 0/29
review/text: &quot;The Cherry Orchard&quot; is an atrocious play. If we hold this play in high regard, then we dramatist's need to reevaluate our standards. Chekhov wrote a play that will make you not care an inch about the character's or their situation(s). For him to think that this is a comedy makes you wonder if he understood the point he himself was trying to make. The characters are pathetic and they'll make you pity them - not because of their predicaments, but because of whom they are. I do not recommend.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I admit I found this kit initially attractive for its promise to teach conversational Russian minus the difficult grammar and other &quot;messy bits&quot;, and was lured by the 45 minutes a day, six week claim. Such a program has its benefits, but after all was said and done, I was left wishing that I had taken the time to begin with the basics.Apart from an unexplained alphabet chart in the introductory chapter and a very few flash cards, &quot;Instant Russian&quot; doesn't bother with Cyrillic letters, using instead a phonetically spelled equivalent of each word. The strategy is to allow a better mastery of tricky Russian pronunciations; I was left feeling ultimately hindered by the method. After completing the course, I was able to recite words and phrases but had absolutely no idea how to recognize the majority of my new vocabulary as it might appear on a store front sign or restaurant menu. I feel that I would have fared much better with at least a basic understanding of the Russian characters.Also, I was unsure of the exact sounds of some of the letter groupings, as the female voice on the cassette has a British accent. Several of the english word examples given, especially those in the section pertaining to vowel sounds, contained words that are pronounced differently in Britain than in North America. This isn't a HUGE problem, but for those outside the UK, it's something to consider.That said, I give &quot;Instant Russian&quot; three stars because it delivers what it claims - important words and phrases without the bother of difficult grammar. It is neither for those with a serious interest in studying the language nor for those that would prefer to learn Russian using the Cyrillic characters, something I highly recommend doing.I understand how this program might be greatly appreciated by travellers wishing only to grasp the basics of conversational Russian, but wanting more, I have decided to invest the time and effort into exploring a more traditional approach to the language.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: It was just terrible for me, living in Italy for many years now. I hated to see exaggerated stereotyping of Italian men. it seemed to me a real bad Hollywood interpretation of A Room with A View.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: SDRE is a two sided coin. The first side encompasses their first two albums; raw, bleeding-heart, tortured, love-obsessed, low-fi. The flipside represents the latter half of their albums; grandiose, poetic, sweeping, accomplished, passionate. Both sides have a common theme; emotion.The first album after the band's break, "How It Feels to be Something On," stands as their most accomplished and possibly best album. Jeremy's vocals have improved. His lyrics: more thematic. Surprisingly, the band sounds tighter than they ever did during their emo-pioneer days. They introduce their progressive rock roots here, as well, something they had only previously hinted. As a result, the album plays very much like a rock opera. If the song lyrics were linked by a story, it could rank with "Tommy" and "The Wall" as one of the great concept albums. Regardless, it still FEELS like a concept album and as a result, requires some attention.The arena ready opener "Pillars" reintroduces us to the band. And the progressivness of "100 million" and the mid-Eastern tinged "Roses in Water" reveal the band's new game plan. Though lyrically not as Christian-based as LP2, Jeremy is still obviously influenced by religion on the aforementioned "Roses" and "Prophet." There are a few tunes that sound like first era leftovers (Days Were Golden and Two Promises) but the band had never really branched out in this way before. They even attempt what can only be described as a break-out-your-lighters acoustic ballad with "Every Shining Time You Arrive." Taken as a whole the album is amazing. Oddly, the band sounds ready for stadiums, even though radio-friendly songs like "8" and "In Circles" are nowhere to be found. But that's a small quibble. The album is great.Overall: 9 out of 10.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: i love this book and i get very fast from seller after i have been order

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: One of Miss Crawfords best films!It should be done right..How did Kino Video ever get the rights to this movie.I hope that one day some studio will do this film justice & Re-Release this gem with better picture & sound...Extras would be nice to...Aloha Craig

review/helpfulness: 5/9
review/text: Unfortunately their is so much revisionist junk history about the atomic bomb and the cold war. Nuclear diplomacy, racism and other unfounded theories about the bomb have found their way into textbooks and classrooms. Anyone who does not think Truman used the bomb to end WWII quickly and with less lives lost is simply ignoring the obvious and the evidence. This book helps set the record straight. The decision to use the bomb was simple: to get Japan to stop fighting. Truman wanted to save lives and end the war: end of arguement. This book helps set the record straight.

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: Having been a fan of Ra since the release of From One back in 2002, I've been anxiously awaiting their second album. Since then three years have passed, Skoota Warner and Sean Corcoran are gone (although Warner was a part of the band when Duality was recorded) and PJ Farley and Andy Ryan are in, and now Duality is finally here. Like with their debut album From One, Duality was forgettable the first listen through. But after a second and a third things improved considerably. However, this album has failed to improve upon the first.The vocals. They're still superb. Sahaj Ticotin is one of the most talented vocalists I've ever heard. I would recommend this album in a heartbeat if it were based on vocals alone. But that is not the case. The production quality is good and I still enjoy that their sound is exotic yet familiar. Note however, that this album is far less heavy than From One, which wasn't that heavy to begin with. A few of the songs could even be classified as rock/pop. That may strike fear into some of you but I only said few, not all. Lyrics are nothing special here. While they are heartfelt they just didn't connect with me on a personal level. Splitting the album into two themes (fear and love) is a unique idea, but it didn't improve the album in any way. It's kinda like the silver bow on a birthday present. It's nice, but who cares about it once you get to the present itself?As with From One, the tracks are a mixed bag. You have strong songs such as "Fallen Angels", "Take Me Away", "Say You Will", and "Got Me Going". But you also have songs that just plain suck or are forgettable as soon as the next track starts. These include "Superman", "Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic", and "Swimming Upstream" (sorry, but "Walking And Thinking" on From One is so much better.)Next problem. I see signs of unoriginality here. The verses from "The Only One" sound a hell a lot like the verses from "Do You Call My Name" on From One. I've also noticed a couple of recycled lyrics with just a word change or two. Tsk tsk. Lastly, I find it to be odd to have the songs "Undertaken" and "Taken" right next to each other on the track list. But that's just me...(The following thoughts on the album art had no effect on my score. I just have an interest in graphics and photography so I'm always critiquing album covers.) The album art is ok. The cover is just background and text really. And the photos of the members. I know you're supposed to look cool and all but at least look at the camera! It annoys me when the vocalist is looking at me and the bassist is gazing off to the side like there's a riot going on or there's free cheese samples being offered.OVERALL: If you purchased From One and loved it, you'll find plenty to enjoy with Duality. If you're looking for something different or original in the rock genre, then check the album out. It's worth the ten dollars so I'll say pick it up so long as you don't buy it thinking this will be the album to end all albums.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: Who gave this guy a music contract? This song is so terrible and overplayed. Plus the guy can't sing he sounds like he is whining. Stay away from this song!!

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: This is a short story book about the exciting events that happen in the still of the night. No, I should say &quot;exciting cat events&quot;. Read about Slinky Malinki and the other cats' activities, as well as their encounters with the much disliked Scarface Claw. This book should be able to &quot;kick start&quot; kids who don't like reading. Catchy story-line and nice graphics too. I enjoyed every part of it!

review/helpfulness: 1/7
review/text: After season five this show should have ended but it kept going and going and going, turning into a teen drama like Dawson creek. I was so happy when they ended it last Friday and refuse to watch the finale. Instead I will savor the first five season's of this show. I hope everyone is happy that Smallville is now done and over with.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: watch out! These are nice shoes but you need to buy studs to use these.

review/helpfulness: 16/28
review/text: Deconstruction is a deceptively useful philosophical device. However, this usefulness is severely limited. Deconstruction can present no positive conclusions. All it can do is show the fallibility of any attempt at such certain knowledge, primarily by exposing the inadequacy of language, a faculty so intimately connected with understanding. As a skeptic, I personally find deconstuction to be very pleasing. However, I am constantly annoyed by Derrida's insistance on frequently ignoring this aspect of his process. As a philosopher, I suppose the inclination to make some sort of positive assertion could be irresitible. I love the "play" and the analysis, but the attempt at ethical conclusions leaves me cold.In "The Gift of Death," Derrida uses the story of Abraham and Isaac to distinguish between an absolute responsibility to "the other" from the typical ethical, "known" responsibility. I have never understood why it is that philosophers use this parable and others to decipher ethical realities. How much truth can one expect to extract from a fictional story? However, the idea that originary responsibility is always irresponsible is intriguing. Derrida proposes that Abraham's responsibility to God, the other, takes precedence over his lesser responsibilty to his son. And yet, later he makes the assertion that every other is an absolute other, making all responsibility absolute.All of this emphasis on otherness ultimately leads to a kind of ethical paralysis, but Derrida does not acknowledge this. Throughout history, small differences have been blown up into impenetrable divisions. Racism, homophobia, sexism, ethnicity, nationality, religion, all the institutions that Deconstruction usually attacks are fully supported by these "irresponsible" ethical conclusions.As I said before, the analysis reads like poetry and there are some very interesting ideas here. Derrida is frustrating, but worthwhile. I recommend this as well as "Writing and Difference."

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: This is a very good film...moving and insightfulin many ways...but also somehow limited...while,perhaps, its heart seems to be trying to be inthe right place concerning relationship, friendship,love...it is all told in a context of the verymannerisms and affectations and &quot;fairy&quot;-taleambience that all too many non-sensitive,all-too-prone-to-misunderstand persons will taketo be the &quot;justification&quot; for their dislike,phobia, and sickened disdain...And perhaps it is trying to do too much...thelove and loss of the character Whale for hisfriend who died in the trenches of World War Iwhile Whale survived...and lived...and longed...and felt guilt...and loss...is insightful...butgets all tangled with that suffocating gas-maskscene with the Clay character...and Whale comesoff as being bizarre, if not mad...The ending is not satisfying to me...the Claycharacter just &quot;has to&quot; be shown to have madeit through the encounter &quot;safely&quot; straight...married...with a kid...who can say that he knewthe director of the movie &quot;Frankenstein&quot;...thenwalk out in the rain and pretend to be theFrankenstein monster...and seem to be laughingat himself...I should have thought that a moremeaningful ending would have been if he hadstood there in the rain...not acting like somenut-case stalking around in the rain like amonster...but thinking about that driven,haunted man he had known...and if it had notbeen beyond his &quot;macho&quot; powers, to have wepta tear or two to mingle with the rain dropsstreaming down his cheeks...But maybe sensitivity...and even this fairlymoving film are not the way to go...there areother films that speak about oppression andmisunderstanding better... the original&quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; is a very goodfilm about an oppressive society...just turnit into an allegory about those who areexpected, if not forced, to be &quot;mute&quot;in society...but there is also thefilm &quot;Another Country&quot; (1985), which unfortunately,does not seem to be available on video anylonger...it is a beautifully done film...butmakes its point about society and its intolerancejust as well...

review/helpfulness: 28/30
review/text: Nathaniel Philbrick has created a carefully researched and highly-detailed account of this great tragedy on the high sea for the modern day reader. Being one of the few persons I suppose who had never read or heard about the tragedy of the Essex and having not read Moby Dick either, I was captivated not by the style of writing here, but by the positively compelling events of this voyage which grew increasingly more horrific with each new chapter. It is without a doubt a gripping, nail-biting, page-turner of a book which always brings the reader back to the same gnawing question...&quot;If I was in this situation, would have done the same things these men did?&quot; The answer which each reader must supply to that question is what makes the book so effective.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Sue Bender is an artist who first learned of the Amish through their remarkable quilts. Not satisfied to learn about them second hand, she was able through great perserverance to stay with two Amish families. Plain and Simple not only recounts these visits, it also chronicles Bender's own search for meaning, simplicity, and order.Bender's book was first published in 1989 and is considered a classic. It is well worth reading.

review/helpfulness: 13/13
review/text: The artwork is the only thing anyone ever remembered from this series. Congratulations on putting out an edition that looks exactly like every other scary stories for kids book, instead of the ONE that literally everyone remembers from their childhood.Great way to commemorate the anniversary.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: I think this is great book, and if you get the time to read it, you just might find it's one of the best books you have ever read. In the beginning it is somewhat slow, but if you keep reading, the book will get a lot better and the plot will unravel. There is a little boy who gets a toy castle and a knight from his housekeeper who is moving away. After playing with the castle and the knight the kid starts to see that not everything is normal, and that his world is about to be turned upside down! I hope you read this book for I know you'll like it.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: this book is very good if you are interested in the Manson murders. You can also get lots of real footage from utube.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: Marlon Brando and Maria Schneider star in this powerful film about an older American man, a younger French woman, and the heights of sexuality and seduction.Brando stars as Paul, a 45-year-old American widower who's coming to grips with his wife's suicide. His wife slit her wrists in the bathroom, leaving no note behind for Paul. All that she left him was the ownership of the seedly flop-house motel she had owned. Forced to deal with this bizarre change of events in his life, Paul goes out searching for an apartment.Schneider stars as Jeanne, a young 20-year-old Parisian girl. She's sexy, vivacious, flirtatious, innocent, and adventerous all at the same time. She's engaged to be married to her filmmaker boyfriend. She, too, is looking for an apartment.By chance, Jeanne and Paul end up looking at the same apartment. Both are intrigued; not just by the apartment, but by each other as well. Soon, they are having rough sex up against the wall. What begins after this encounter is a bizarre yet meaningful relationship which exists only inside the apartment. No names are exchanged, no pasts discussed. Only the present matters for these two tortured souls. Their apartment has become a sanctuary where they can come together as one.As the movie progresses, it becomes apparent that Paul and Jeanne are truly falling for each other, but neither is sure how to proceed with the next step. Unsure, Jeanne returns to the arms of her "boyfriend", while Paul struggles with his feelings for Jeanne. Finally, he reveals his true feeling outside of the apartment, professing his love for Jeanne. Will she believe it, or will something happen to shake up the ending?When this film was originally released in 1973, it drew the dreaded "X" rating for the sexuality and language. Somehow, it was reduced to NC-17 for the DVD version. Despite the rating, the movie is still very good. Brando and Schneider are simply marvelous in their roles as Paul and Jeanne. Brando's performance won him an academy award nomination. I had a slight problem with the English subtitles, but it in no way affected how I felt about the movie overall. The plot is extremely well-developed, and the characters fit perfectly into the story. I highly recommend this great film. Watch this movie and see one of Marlon Brando's great film performances.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: First things first. Phil Farmer is not always the most elegant writer - often, his prose is clumsy and his characters wooden. In all likelihood, you won't like everything you read by him. He's best known for labyrinthine series (Riverworld, Dayworld, World of Tiers) and 'fictional histories' of iconic characters such as Sherlock Holmes, Tarzan & Doc Savage, which may or may not be your cup of tea. Okay, enough with the caveats: on the plus side of the ledger, he's an unduplicable and inspired madman with no fear and no restraints upon his literary curiosity. I can't think of anyone even remotely like him, ever. We desperately need more writers in his imaginative weight-class....he may be audacious and outrageous, but he never shatters taboos simply to shock and tittilate (as so many Celebrated Prose Stylists do), but simply to see what might emerge from behind this or that Forbidden Curtain. This paperback, long out of print (WHY??), is not only my favorite Farmer, but one of all time favorite books by anyone. It's the initial Riverworld novella which preceded the series (which incidentally works beautifully as a standalone work - in fact, it's so powerfully surreal and magical that the subsequent series might disappoint you, as it did me), along with a number of Farmer's most unforgettably deranged short stories, many of which sping from premises which would never have occured to anyone BUT Farmer (i.e., 'The Jungle Rot Kid On The Nod' came from Farmer's asking himself: what if WILLIAM Burroughs, rather than Edgar Rice, had written Tarzan?) Usually, in a collection of this type, the novella is the centrepiece and the rest is filler; here, nearly every single collected work is equally indelible. A couple of these stories -'JC on the Dude Ranch', 'The Leaser of Two Evils', 'The Phantom of the Sewer', and the two mentioned previously- have been etched permanently in my mind since I first read them over 25 years ago. (And though I've read quite a bit of Farmer since then, none of it has ever quite equalled this incredible collection - though there've been some close calls.) I'm sure that among sf aficionados, this early version of RIVERWORLD might be considered a nonessential larval-stage curiosity - there never seems to be a shortage of RIVERWORLD novels in print, and that may be keeping this neither-fish-nor-fowl book locked away in obscurity. But please trust me on this one - RIVERWORLD AND OTHER STORIES is Phil Farmer's single greatest collection/definitive statement, and the world needs to see it back in print as soon as possible.

review/helpfulness: 2/26
review/text: I will never understand how "Classics" become Classics. So far for school i Have had to read far to many Classics. Dickens should be glad he is dead and does not have to read his books because they would probably kill him out of sheer boredom...Hawthorne creates an ok tale, but really? It gets dragged out and is suppose to be realistic. Then he throws Pearl in there, she is like some super-human and belongs in fantasy. I never really did believe in the whole 'they completely ostracized her but let her stitch everything.' That is just a bit hypocritical, either she was excepted as prat of the society *which she was not) or she wasn't (which she almost was. See that just doesn't make any sense. The story is suppose to show how unforgiving the society was, but it doesn't. It is better than Dickens, but then again everything is.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: First off - just before I start - Rita is not Cockney. Cockneys come from the East End of London, which is in the Southeast. Rita is a Scouser (like The Beatles) who comes from Liverpool, in the Northwest. Just wanted to clear that one up!I watched this in an English lesson at school, and Walters and Caine give two of the finest performances of their respective careers. The story might be predictable, but that's one of the best things about it. Anything by Willy Russell gets my vote, anyway. Maureen Lipman is also fab.

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: I viewed this book mainly as a pleasant romantic novel. But I found that the main character Winston was very arrogant and shallow though Orwell made sure that the character was very believable. Generally a very well thought out book, though some areas, such as when he is taken by the thought police are very simple and obvious and lacking in imagination. Anybody could have written that section, it lacked originality.However, I thought that the system of government was very well organised and well thought out and seems like an efficient and effective method of ruling. Although, very harsh and unfair and not something you would like to see in practise. Cold and harsh but effective.In conclusion a very romantic story that was upsetting in places. I cried when Julia was captured.

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: I have always been a big fan of those 80's soap operas. This book is an 80's soap in print. So I really liked this book with it's mellodrama.

review/helpfulness: 23/26
review/text: The most complete collection of this wonderful photographer's work available, this book has unfortunately been printed so poorly that the qualities of most of the photographs is lost. The photos look muddy and suffer from low contrast. The essay, however, is excellent, and worth reading for an introduction to Bravo's life and work. The Aperture books of Bravo's work, while offering far fewer photographs, have much better reproduction.

review/helpfulness: 11/26
review/text: I am sorry to all of you who like this book but I would never wish a single soul to read this. This book has the plot: a girl goes to a farm, falls in love and everything goes wrong. The book just goes on and on. The only reason I read it was because my mother asked me to. This book could have been written in 50 pages but no. It goes on for 300 some odd pages. I would have rather read the dictionary. The only reason I give this book 2 stars is because there was maybe four parts that consisted of 2 pages that were mildly interesting. Take my word for it. This book should be skipped.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I found this book to be packed with great information and recommend it to be added to any PHA library. It not only gives good basic knowledge, but also includes study and research paths which lead into further light and understanding of our craft in modern aspects."Black Square and Compass" also shows the correlation and significance of PHA in association with modern black history. For example accomplishments of the Buffalo Soldiers and the network of the Underground Railroad.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This book is exactly what i wanted. Simply a collection of great various plyometric exercises with the medicine ball. No fluff.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: When one starts reading a Victorian novelist, one prepares before hand to face a certain amount of wooden, heavy-handed moralizing, as every great narrative of the epoch is fraught with the opposition between the calls of pleasure and the calls of duty, between seeking for one's private advantage and sticking to one's role, with the writer making the latter to win overwhelming. This novel is no different, in that it's the dutiful Romola that has the upper hand over her nice and debauched husband Tito Melena in the end. However, the novel being set in late Renaissance Italy- a country with which George Eliot had an enduring love affair - it captures the atmosphere of the time and place in such a beautiful way that this enormous, throughly reserched historical novel has such a flowing, luxurious style that takes an almost liquid quality, like a fresh, transparent scream flowing along a summer Mediterranean landscape. Also, in the person of Savonarola, Eliot menaged to introduce the figure of the idealist turned evil through his attachment to his call. In short: a gorgeous novel. Loved it!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I must agree with the other reviewer that this book offers no additional eye-opening facts in respect to owning a Burmese cat... The history section is specific to the breed (but as a new or existing Burmese owner, you'd probably already know this prior to getting one!) & there is one blurb regarding the Burmese characteristic to yowl when they require attention. Beyond that this book could really be for any other cat out there (feed your cat, give it water, groom it,...). It didn't even specify normal size/weight ranges for the breed and what quantities of food to give them as a guideline. So, in my opinion, useless to a new Burmese owner. Also, I was a bit disappointed that all of the photos are only of Sable & Chocolate Burmese (they are all gorgeous, but a few photos of Blues or Lilacs would be appreciated). All in all this book was disappointing.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I received the California Heritage cookbook in 1979 as a wedding gift. Inside the book was the following note from our freinds &quot;if it is true the way to a man's heart is through his stomach then this cookbook will assure a lasting marriage.&quot; My husband and I have been married for 21 years and our still very happy. The recipes in this cookbook are relatively easy to make, but give the appearance that hours were spent making the meal. Everyone who has ever experienced a meal I've made from this cookbook always ask for the recipes. Over the years I have given this cookbook as a wedding gift also.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: You know how they say that an infinite number of monkies on an infinite number of typewriters would eventually produce Hamlet?Well, for this book, I'd guess that Dr. Laberge employed 3 monkies for 10 minutes.

review/helpfulness: 15/18
review/text: The book makes a great read, same as DHC's other books of the &quot;Lost Cities&quot; series. Very entertaining, thought provoking, and well written. One thing though: I don't get why the author keeps calling himself &quot;a rogue archeologist&quot;: someone has to explain to him what archeologists do. DHC is no archeologist, whatever he might think; he's a traveler, a gossip gatherer, and a free spirit, but all this has little to do with archeology. I enjoyed his open-mindedness, and the relativism with which he judges most of the theories and hypotheses considered. Going through his whole opus, I can't help noticing that this writer is a really great guy, and that his travel companions and friends must have been lucky to have met him, but archeologist? Please, give me a break. And use some proofreader, for the next edition.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: The Canon NB-5L Battery purchased is OEM. The capacity is 1120mAh. Last a long time using my SD800 IS camera. I've taken about 300 shots (about 1/3 with flash) before having to recharge the battery. It's good to have an extra battery anyway and because it's small, having an extra battery in the pocket is not a problem.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Gomadic brand product does the job and seems well made. The Gomadic web site which provided customer service was top notch. I either misplaced or didn't receive the exchangeable tip for the AC charger. When I let them know they were more than helpful and I had a new tip in my hands almost instantly. A singular experience for me and I buy online often.

review/helpfulness: 25/27
review/text: Great history of the company, but I was disappointed in the little milk glass content. The author talks about how important the opal (milk) glass line was for business, but does not offer much samples of it in the book.

review/helpfulness: 1/10
review/text: It is an unique idea of digging into the historical crime of accused murderer King Richard and discovering the truth through factual records and the reports of people living at the time and it was well written but personally I couldn't work up a lot of enthusiasm about it.Honestly, most Americans have only a passing familiarity with English royalty and even less with their interwoven families and unless you are familiar with these people and CARE about who did what to whom and why the book becomes tedious very quickly.Now if it had been about whether George Washington really had chopped down the cherry tree or whether it was really a wheeping willow and his cousin who framed him for the arborcide then maybe I could have worked up more interest.I don't mean to belittle the murder of the princes but we don't have any parallel crime in our history that I could have compared it to.So unless you are a British history buff I would give this one a pass.

review/helpfulness: 3/13
review/text: Well I bought this book on the 8th and i absolutely love it. It was in good condition practically brand new. Well it's a great book and I'm so glad I bought it.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: A piano teacher superbly performed by Isabelle Huppert (one of my top favorite actress in the world), exhibits the ancient myth of Eros and Psiquis, and emerges with powerful force and dark poetry in this frustrated human being who, hidden on her art helmet, seems to watch how her best lifetime passed without any expectative. The cotidianity establishes in her life an unbearable repetition of a long catalogue of common places. Indeed, the obvious conclusion you perceive after she punishes that promising and talented pupil through the most miserable envy feeling and impotence. In her soul depths she knows her pupil will overpass her in a future not so distant.But suddenly the passion appears and with it the Pandora Box will open with her cumulative sum of expected affection, sexual repressions and the wished love that came behind the masque of the oblivion.She will play hard this role of victim and victimary. In her role of teacher the last profile is well known but she knows the time is brief and somehow as the famous Proust novel she intends to search desperately the missed time.To be honest the camera is not to the same level than the performers. Huppert is overwhelming but the camera eye doesn't maintain the same level of required fierceness and mistakenly you can feel it. If you intend to change visual agression with the deepest insights of that troubled soul avid of love and consideration, we have big problem.Think in Nagisa Oshima with the Empire Senses and you will realize that important device. The way you use your filmic language is even much more important perhaps tahn the same script if you want to accent certain issues to achieve your purpose. Otherwise you will obtain a serious artistic deficit when you analyze the final result.

review/helpfulness: 6/10
review/text: I've decided he's too good and too prolific for me to write a brand new review every single time I read one of his books. Discworld currently has 34 titles and every one of them will probably knock your socks off. His mind bubbles and flashes like a boiling pot of electric eels, and I simply can't get enough of his writing.A reviewer has compared him to Geoffrey Chaucer. He reminds me more of Douglas Adams, or perhaps S Morgenstern. Great company, isn't it? He's an extremely skillful and imaginative writer, damn funny, clever and observant to boot. He's also very easy to read. A master of characterization, and if there's anything else you like about reading that I didn't mention here, assume I simply forgot. He's awesome.Another reviewer mentioned Jonathan Swift and PG Wodehouse. Why such hallowed company? Because Pratchett belongs there! Truly, I'm enjoying my quest to read every book in the series. You should do the same, and begin your quest at the library because he's got to be there. He's awesome!Yet another reviewer said Jerome K Jerome meets Lord of the Rings. Yeah, that works too.Why do we, as reviewers, compare authors to other authors? Because it's easier than thinking. In the case of Terry Pratchett, it's probably because we'd otherwise wind up quoting the guy. He's so unique that we just don't know how else to cope with his greatness. Even this paragraph sounds like foamy drool raving, doesn't it? That's how all readers react to Pratchett. Reviewers simply don't have the good sense to keep it to themselves.I could call his writing fantasy, but I could likewise call what Douglas Adams wrote science fiction. In both cases, I wouldn't be wrong, but I'd be neglecting so much and just totally missing the point. A rare few authors transcend a genre to such a degree that you know they're shouting out, loud and proud, a big fat "Bite me!"I love Terry Pratchett's writing, and I completely understand why some folks refer to him as their favorite author. Or favourite, I should say, since we're being British. He's one of those authors that makes you want to grab whoever's in hearing range and start reading passages aloud. I'm simply thrilled that there's such an extremely talented and prolific author who's been working for years without me being aware of him. Now I have much catching up to do, and I will love it.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I'm a huge fan of incredible guitar-oriented/instrumental rock and fusion. Think Dream Theater, Greg Howe, Michael Lee Firkins, Jason Becker...and absolutely Blues Saraceno. I've got all of this guy's recordings and they are all excellent. Most of all, Blues is a fantastic composer and arranger. He writes some of the the most grooving rhythms around and accents them them with amazingly inspired melodies. He's mastered tone and extracts fat, juicy and fiesty sounds from his guitar. The reviewer who said not to drive to this music is just about right--it is really captivating, fascinating stuff that has never gotten old or boring, even on the 200th play. If you already appreciate instrumental rock, jazz fusion or harder blues, you will LOVE this album. Truly a &quot;can't go wrong&quot; disc.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: I thought that honoring Audrey Hepburn was a wonderful idea and ever since I found out about the special, I had wanted to see it. Although, in the beginning, I did not particularly like Hewitt's interpretation of Audrey, after I watched it a few more times, her performance grew on me. I now find myself watching the tape weekend after weekend, hanging on her every word, waiting to see what happens next.(even though I have it memorized.) The story is amazing with all the different love struggles that she goes through. My favorite moments are all her proposals and break ups. I think that anyone who likes a good Romantic flick would love this movie. It is definately worth the watching.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: 3 months with them and my left boot it open in half i think the glue they use is not good i mean 70 bucks for 3 months is not worth it

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: Please i can't decide. I have NEVER seen, played, or touched an Advanced Pet. At toywiz.com com, they have all the pets you would want. Pet1 ,Pet2 ,progress pet.wHAT TO BUY! I read everything i can to find out. I have $91. I could buy almost all of them. But... which one to buy?! this one sounds okay. I never heard anything about the progress pet. But it sounds so good. So if you are willing to help me, post it on the next review. Then i will decide out of all three, which is the best, and until i find out, i will tell all megaman fans, about the best p.e.t.!!

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: Well my previous review for this card was not good. But I just built a new, faster computer and put the Radeon to the test again. My new system is as follows: Tyan Trinity 510 MB(using the current via 4-in-1 drivers), Pent-4 1.8ghz(478 pin), Radeon 8500 of course, 256meg ddr pc2100 ram, WD 20 gig 7200 rpm hd, soundblaster pci 512 sound, antec full tower case w/300watt p/s, and the standard cd, ups, etc. My cooling of the system is provided by 1 cool slot fan, 3 80mm fans, and one pci slot exhaust fan under the radeon. After upgrading to this system and reinstalling the radeon with the current 6071 drivers I have a new found love for this card. Serious Sam SE plays like a dream and actually looks better than my GF4 MX card! Aliens vs. Predator 2-ditto. Word of advice, this card was designed for faster systems(1ghz and up) with the motherboards supporting 4x agp and fast writes. I think the new drivers ATI put out recently has helped also. Worth the money-now that is.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: This book has all the Asimovian trademarks: intriguing ideas marred by utterly forgettable and indeed interchangeable characters, cringe-inducing dialogue, and a plodding storytelling style and pace. Later in his career Asimov fixed these problems *somewhat*, but at this point he was very young and they are present in full force. The unfortunate truth is that this book simply doesn't deserve the praise heaped upon it; it's some kind of herd mentality that leads to so many people venerating Foundation. If you are seriously into science fiction, then by all means read the entire Foundation series: it has historical importance and there is enjoyment to be had there. But I hate to think that there are people who are introduced to science fiction by this book.

review/helpfulness: 24/25
review/text: The Future is Wild is easily one of the most original and unique consepts for a film in a while. Showing the world of the far far future. When humans has gone (how or why is not explained) and the world has returned back to the primitive world is once was. This DVD version of the movie is quite different then on Animal Planet. Some new details are added it is also missing completly the space prob. My guess is the space prob was just Animal Planets form of political correctness. The Future is Wild is extremely imaginative. The bizzare future animals it predicts are very cool. Scientist explaining laws of evolution and using examples of modern animals make this future world more probable. It takes three time periods. 5 million years, 100 million years, and 200 million years in the future. As expected the more time goes on the more bizzare the animals get. 5 million years we see giant swimming birds, giant running birds, giant bats, giant rats, running lizards, desert pigs, and rattlebacked rodents. This is a world of ice were creatures are scrambling to survive in the cold. 100 million years the world has warmed up. We see turtules bigger then the largest dinosaur, amphibious octupus, giant killer bugs, four winged birds, and poisionus birds. 200 million years in the future a mass extinction wiped out all mammels, birds, and reptiles. However we have swimming lobsters, super sharks, flying fish, hopping snails, plant worms, and squid that swing from tree to tree. All of this may seem to weird to be true but the world of 200 million years ago was just as different. These future animals are shown using computer animation in live action environments. While it is clearly inferior to framestones television projects the animation is good enough to serve its purpose. This 5 hour series spans over three discs. All are presented in anamorphic widescreen. DVD lacks any special features on the animation and has only 2 channels of sound. Theres more then enough disc room for a 5.1 track and at least some extras. This is a bit dissipointing but I still recommend The Future is Wild. It is a glimse at our possible future world. Remember Evolution Never Stops.

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: This book has existed under the radar for too long. Any fan of the horror novel should put this at the top of their must-read list.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Be warned: this is one of my favorite books of all time (the other two are *Alice in Wonderland* and *Huckleberry Finn*). It's the book that convinced me to learn Spanish, so I could appreciate it in the original.&quot;Wonderful&quot; doesn't even begin to describe this novel. It transported me out of my world into a magical kingdom of poetry, character and mythology.People will still be reading this marvel at the end of the Twenty-First Century.Have I mentioned I *really* like this novel?

review/helpfulness: 17/18
review/text: This is a wonderful movie, in fact it was so compelling that three hours flew by and I found myself not wanting it to end.Overall it's a quiet film with thoughtful performances and seems to be sincere in its attempt to show the central role of King Ludwig of Bavaria as a very sensitive, sad, ultimately self destructive King who loved art and music more than his throne. Here he is gently underplayed by Berger whose dignified portrayal is one of his best performances.Whether madness or medicine we will never know but our sympathy for this tormented man is enlisted from the start. How much is historically accurate I am not sure but it seems to follow the well known facts and presents them dressed in all the splendour of the day.Visconti strikes the right note from the very start with sumptuous costumes, ultra romantic settings, and beautiful actors - he has a craftsman's grip on his subject and never once does he allow the film to descend into a clich&eacute;d costume drama, nor does the usually irritating dubbing have any detrimental effect on the overall enjoyment of this film - all this accompanied by the strains of Wagner's monumental music and what more could you ask for?The DVD is value for money, picture quality and sound are excellent and there is a bonus disc containing a documentary on Visconti. A must have for any serious movie collection.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: i love that book it my forvite and ilove your books alot and thank you for ever thing

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I was hooked into this game for about a week and then beat it. It has a career mode where you start out with a few players and try to beat top teams in various cities, adding their best player when you do beat them. If you have played an NBA Street game before, you probably know the style of the game. For those who haven't played NBA Street, the game is played by ones to 21. There are also trick points where if you get a certain amout you get a gamebreaker. If you score a basket during a gamebreaker, it gives you points but also subtracts points from the opponent. This game has no online, poor graphics and limited minigames, three very big cons for me. I would recommend buying NBA Live 2006, which has online and franchise, but I don't own it yet.

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: Buyer Beware: When purchasing a cheap DVD, don't bother looking for the access to special features on the DVD menu. You won't have any luck finding them anywhere. I was about to give this DVD a one star rating, but due to the fact that Super Mario Bros. has to be my all-time video game-based movie, I didn't have the heart to give it one star. But, at least the movie is in Widescreen format that's one good thing about it. There are many viewers that might have disagree with me, but that is only because they might believe that the movie plot was not what they would expect. But I can understand why at the beginning this movie didn't work for Mario fans due to the fact that it wasn't true to the video games. But as time passed, people grew to understand the movie a little better. Basically, the movie is about a parallel universe where dinosaurs have seemed to evolve into a more primal species, like us, mostly. And then we meet Mario and Luigi, Brooklyn's all time famous plumbers who are on a quest to save a princess from a reptile lizard king, known as King Koopa. The soundtrack to Super Mario Bros. is great, the special effect it great, and the movie has left us wondering where do they go from here? But you wanna know why there hasn't been a sequal since '93? Because the filmmakers are afraid since the movie bombed in the past, that viewers won't come to appreciate the sequal enough. So they figured it would be best to stick with the first one. But you never know, it could come back anytime soon. Look at the Terminator movies: they had waited about ten years later to do third sequal, so cross your fingers, and hope for the best that someone might have the guts to write the sequal that could sweep the nationwide with moviegoers everywhere.

review/helpfulness: 14/16
review/text: What a lover?! I have fallen in love with Walt Whitman. One such as this writing such passionate things in those times or these...and with such candor. I am so thankful to have read this book. Beautiful.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I came across this novel by accident while trying to satisfy my daily addition, books on tape. Red Sky at Morning is a charming and humorous documentation of the complexity of teen years - the challenges of bullies, the development of sarcasm as a tool for pleasure and protection, the fear and anxiety of impending sexual maturity, and the bonding for long-lasting friendships. Richard Bradford kept me rivited and smiling. Only Mark Twain can claim a similar acheivement. This now part of my personal library to cherish again and again.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Silver Ginger 5. SILVER GINGER 5. Say the words, over and over again, roll them around on your tongue. Like the way they feel? Good, 'cos they're here to stay. And this album is the reason why, brothers and sisters. You put it in your CD player, firstly noticing the tasteful packaging, and glorious cover, and then prepare yourself for the sounds that will issue forwith. And let me tell you, brothers and sisters, the sounds are good. Sonic Shake explodes in your ears, making you grateful for everything, making you thank the lord you can hear the beauty, and making you expell any thoughts of inferior bands from your mind. Sonic shake will make you dance, brothers and sisters, with it's choirs of schoolgirls, and guitars that sound like they were forged from the same ingredients as 'Snapple'; Made from the best stuff on earth. And then, Divine Imperfection, with its huge Kick-Horn section, and Gospel choirs, and OH! A CHORUS THE SIZE OF A PLANET! And then you remember that this man, this SILVER GINGER used to be in the Wildhearts, used to make rock music for people to rock to, and ANyway but Maybe, track 3 reminds you of this! The Girls are better than boys, which IS Slade, and Brain Sugar, the catchiest song ever written, and Rock N Roll Girls, and Monkey Zoo, and Inside Out (Country and Western) and..... And then, Brothers and Sisters, you regain yourself, and you see the album through, and you realise that it is up there with the greats, up there with KISS and the MC5 and the Clash and the Stones and the Beatles and David Bowie's ZIggy Stardust and Mott the Hoople and CHeap Trick and Aerosmith, and just about anything good and fun in the last fifty years. And you smile when you hear the Bee Gees cover that closes the album, and you reach over and push Play again, and when, Brothers and Sisters, when Church of the Broken Hearted comes on, and sums up the feeling you've all felt of being left alone, you smile, and thank God that you heard this album. Taht is all. Go forth and Love Silver Ginger 5. SG5 Bless you.

review/helpfulness: 10/14
review/text: It should be pointed out that free jazz or the jazz avant garde whichever ones pefers to call it was a reaction against the jazz status quo and in the 70's and 80's the self parody of fusion and this lp is a good example of that doctrine. With that siad this lp released in 1982 is a somewhat somber affair featuring two of the most important figures to imerge in modern jazz. The music contained herein is relatively low key and quite excessible and it should appeal to most jazz listerners in general. It accurately employs Cherrys passion for exploring world music and Blackwells intense and ever impressive rhythmic accumen. The standout track is the opening piece which really is a composite of four compositions one of which is a take on Monks Bemsha Swing; basically improvisation within standard song structure for the most part. As for the rest it is much of the same with equal time consumed by both Cherry and Blackwell. There is a hint of some self indulgence but nothing too detracting and given that Cherry and Blackwell are the only players this is to be expected. Highly recommended.

review/helpfulness: 12/13
review/text: This book is not a detailed lawn program for lawn care. It is more or less a collection of articles and tips on lawn care. I certainly found many useful tips and helpful advice as I read through the book. However, in reading it front to back you will find that Mr. Baker differs in some small details from one presentation to the next, but his overall conception of what goes into a good lawn remains quite consistent throughout.Mr. Baker offers several of his famous tonics that I look forward to trying. Some of the advice seems a tad dated - he talks about buying things from Brookstone that aren't offered on their website anymore and he doesn't mention his own website www.jerrybaker.com that does offer many of them and more.The book discusses different types of grass and weeds, but doesn't offer much in the way of pictures. There are books that do and I find the pictures of the weeds very helpful in identifying them. But this book does offer state-by-state help on certain things and resources you can tap to get more information - very helpful.This book is certainly worthy the price I paid for it and I like the tips I picked up. It isn't perfect, but deserves a place on your shelf.

review/helpfulness: 6/9
review/text: I picked up this book in a bookstore and I did not know what to expect. I was amazed at the wisdom that this man posses when I began to read this book. He is very straightforward and very cool. All the principles are appliable to any kind of business I think. One of the best business books I ever seen, and its based on a man who practice what he preaches. BUY IT !!!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I have a Jack Russell terrier whose favorite thing to do is WALK... and run. However, it was always a chore because she would pull me along & by the end of the walk my hand would have blisters & be numb. I tried everything including halters that pulled, etc. Nothing worked. I got a Halti size 1 & it was a little bit big (about an inch or so), so I just snugged it up & pinned it with the sewing machine. So now it fits her perfectly. Her walks were much improved, but it did not completely eliminate the pulling-- but it did make the pulling tolerable.I got an empty plastic spice jar & filled it 1/4 full with coins. I bring it on our walks. When she begins to pull, I shake it once. She will stop. Then she'll pull again & I will shake. After about 3 or 4 times, she will completely heel on the walks! It is amazing! So between the shake jar & the Halti, I can happily take my Jack Russell on a casual walk.Kira

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: This cd is really great.BUT ITS NOT A GAME!they're not long versons though, only 90 odd seconds each.If that Claire, also from the UK (who was disappointed with the cd) wants to get in touch, i know where you can get games with the songs you want.I'm assuming you're after all the cool songs from euromix.If so, they are on 2nd and 3rd mix games from japan.but there are also US versions available too.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Before reading this review you should know that this is the same movie as &quot;Deadly China Hero.&quot;This film is, as the title of this article proclaims, an interesting combination. Combination of what, you ask? It is a combination of the Historic Chinese Martial Arts extravaganza and a Tom Green movie. What makes the film interesting is that the combination is not as bad as it sounds. Jet Li once agains plays the role of Wong Fei Hung, as he did in the Once Upon A Time in China historical epics, but this Fei Hung is a very different character from the more serious Fei Hung (particularly in the first OUATIC) we are used to.In essence this film takes the fairly standard school versus school and style versus style conflict and extends it to a Dragon dancing competition (mirrors of OUATIC here, but wait) with Jet Li's masterful Dragon dancing interrupted by a villain in a Millipede suit. Jet Li loses the initial competition, due to various circumstances which include the villain's nepharious influence. Jet Li recovers and battles the Millipede in a Chicken Suit in the final battle. Chicken suit? Yes, a chicken suit. I told you there was a touch of Tom Green in this movie, or is it Adam Sandler? Doesn't matter.Typical of the Jet Li/Wong Jing pairing films this is a less than serious affair. If you go in expecting wonderful wuxia wire-fu and a few laughs in a no budget free for all you will have a great time. Jet Li is an amazing martial artist and somehow this film works. But if you've come looking for Fist of Legend you are in for a serious shock in this film.

review/helpfulness: 5/8
review/text: Nice to know someone sings what they feel instead of big buck

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: Excellent reading! This was my introduction to George MacDonald's books. Not a soppy romance as today's authors tend to write, but even one that men would enjoy reading for leisure! As I am a GREAT fan of C.S.Lewis' and Tolkien's writings, I was fascinated to find that both these author's drew a lot of their inspiration from MacDonald's writings. I have since read &quot;The Princess &amp; the Goblin&quot;, &quot;The Princess &amp; Curdie&quot;, &quot;The Golden Key&quot;, and &quot;The Light Princess&quot;. My husband is currently reading Phantastes and we have also bought Lilith, still to be read. I look forward to getting &quot;The Marquis' Secret&quot; if I can, as I really would like to follow the full story!!

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: I purchased this product about two weeks ago at a dept store. I didn't want to pay $150 for a chemical peel, so I was pleased to find this product.The product didn't seem very strong during the first 20 applications. So, I began shaking the container while closed to mix around the contents, before using the product. After that, the applications seemed stronger. Not sure if there's a scientific reason why that was the case, but I'd recommend it, if you want to get the most out of this product. It also didn't seem like the applications were doing much, so I doubled up. Two applications at night. Not sure if that's recommended. I must have tough skin, so there were no bad side effects. Sometimes a slight burning upon application, but nothing that caused me concern.As far as the results, I think my pores look smaller and the fine lines around my eyes (crow's feet) look a little less noticeable. As well, my skin tone looks a bit brighter. There's been a little bit of a break out, but very minimal.I'm 48 and have freckles and some dark spots on my face. I was hoping this would remove it or improve it, but there has only been a slight improvement.I will likely use this product again in the future and would recommend it to friends.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I cannot count the number of times I was asked, "What's so special about the year 1984?" while I was reading the book the title of which randomly forsees that particular year. That question scared me, because this novel is so important. Beyond that, I was floored that some people had not at least heard of "1984" (which was first published in 1949). That is not a criticism of those who are guilty of this, but rather an indication of my incredulity, because the impact had on our culture by Orwell's genius, manifested in "1984", cannot be overstated. As another reviewer here noted, it is indeed true that many people reference George Orwell's prescient masterpiece, oftentimes without realizing what it is that influenced their thought or even having actually read the book."1984" animates the collective paranoia that stems from our well-founded wariness of contemporary society's ever-encroaching governmental systems, as well as the potential dangers introduced to them by the evolution of modern technology.Furthermore, it reminds those paying attention that we must guard our psyches and intellects against the mad intentions of those who forget, or disregard, the truth that to conform for conformity's sake alone is to surrender rights to humanity's defining gift.I would suggest that you don't pick "1984" as a casual beach-read. It is riveting, but heavy and thick with relevance to current events. Don't read it after having a few drinks either, especially when you come to the book-within-a-book portion.

review/helpfulness: 3/9
review/text: This is my mom's account. I had the pleasure of reading this book in English this year. I can honestly say, it is the single most boring book I've EVER read. You will NEVER find someone my age that enjoys this story. It has no action! No suspense! It isn't deep! Things don't symbolize anything. If they do, then you're thinking too hard. This book is not a classic. It is the worst. I'd recommend copying a dictionary before I'd ask you to read this pile. DO NOT EVEN THINK OF BUYING THIS.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: By far one of the very best of German rave bands on the market. American bands should take notes from the europeans and follow suite. The &quot;Live&quot; album is by far the greatest by Dune to date.

review/helpfulness: 10/12
review/text: I bought this printer about a month ago and was slightly disappointed by its performance. The print quality is great, the photos I printed looked 99% like the 35mm prints that came from the lab, but I made the mistake of using 4x6 photo paper instead of the standard 8 1/2 x 11 sheets. Approximately every-other print came out crooked on the paper, and the printer has an annoying habit of cutting off the last inch of the image because of margin restrictions. I couldn't find an option to use the maximum paper margins, and so had to end up making a white border around the image so that the printout didn't look strange.I bought this printer as a replacement for a 5-year-old Epson brand, and am considering going back to it because of my frustrations with this HP. Summary: Great print quality and speed, but not good with custom paper sizes.

review/helpfulness: 0/5
review/text: What a ridiculous book! I sensed no plot, the characters were weak at best, the story didn't flow evenly, and I got the feeling the author wrote it for something to do in his spare time. Most stories evoke feelings in the reader, this one evoked only boredom. The author never even explained who or what &quot;The Legacy&quot; was. From reading other reviews, I gathered there is a TV show, but the author should have opened his mind to those of us who are new to his series. Nothing concrete was explained, the evil Mr. Hunter even seemed vague. And after attempting to build Mr. Hunter into an ominous subject, he is melted with a dash of holy water. Puhlease.... Not once was it mentioned how Mr. Hunter planned to carry on what was his life's work and meaning after he slaughtered his comrades either. Don't waste your time on this ugly manifestation of literature, it speaks only to the weakest of minds. Evan's mother was a joke, what was that &quot;fog&quot; she supposedly carried around? And WHO, if not Evan, was speaking to her? If we got the TV show here in Saudi Arabia, I wouldn't even bother to watch it after reading this book.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: The best buy ever!! If anyone is thinking of buying any prep material for the TOEFL, look no further. There's enough practice to get the score you need.

review/helpfulness: 19/20
review/text: Several reviews on here have given Fahrenheit 451 a low score because they thought the premise was too far-fetched. These reviewers aren't aware of the situations that exist in certain theocracies around the world. Afghanistan under the Taliban outlawed television and women were not allowed to read or educate themselves. In several Middle East countries, merely speaking up against the government makes you a target.Bradbury looked at different phenomena in our society- the desire to not offend anyone, the dumbing-down of a society in love with television, etc., and simply extrapolated these until he reached an end very similar to the conditions that existed under the Taliban.Part of the point of science fiction is to be far-fetched, but good science fiction uses those far-fetched ideas to warn us of the dangers of the present, in this case the dangers of censorship, of political correctness, of television, and anyone who thinks those dangers are not real, that this book doesn't have relevant warnings, hasn't studied the real world enough.Everyone should read this book. It's an entertaining and easy read but also has a lot of idealogical depth behind it for those who are willing to think and read at the same time. If you don't want to think about what you read, well, go watch TV and be done with it!

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: I don't often get teary-eyed from reading a book. I did for this one.I also ususally read several books at a time. A chapter from this one, a couple of chapters from that one, etc. Not this time. I couldn't put this one down until I'd finished it.This is the story of the murder of two young women in St. Louis a little over 10 years ago and the horrible aftermath of the tragedy. The author is the victims' cousin and she is a powerful writer.GET THIS BOOK!

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: This is a great overview of the part of Mongolian history that most intrigues westerners, the years of the great Khans. It is a very accessible book that doesn't require any prior knowledge on the part of the reader, and hopefully inspires them to look deeper into the people and the nation of Mongolia.In the west we've all heard of Ghengis Khan, and we have our preconceptions of "barbarian" cultures or the terrible hordes of Mongol warriors; the reality behind the myths and legends is well worth knowing. I first encountered the "Storm from the East" video series on TLC and it has since re-played {but rarely} on THC. The film or video is only on offer to educational institutions at a very high price, so the most a layman can hope for is a quality tape from TV -or- this book.The book follows the video script almost verbatum, with many of the same maps, diagrams and stills from the live footage shot in Mongolia. It's a wonderful substitute, and an easy to digest history lesson.The relationship of the medieval Mongolian nation to China and the western European nations is fascinating, and thanks to "Storm from the East" it is easily understood. The book is written with a gentle sense of humor, but does not belittle nor aggrandize the Mongolian people or the historical Khans.

review/helpfulness: 4/9
review/text: First of all, its boring. At the 30 minute mark I forgot what movie I was watching. And at two separate points in the film (I forget what points, in fact I seemed to lose all perspective on time) I literally went cross eyed. My right eye is still lingering in a lazy wobble at the moment. All I really do remember was rooting for Leonard Nimoy to destroy the planet and all the retarded humans that inhabit it.Things I learned from T3 - Michael Bay's film making talents could effectively be adapted into a new kind of non-surgical lobotomy procedure for mental patients. I think I dodged the bullet on permanent catatonia due to the fact that I spent half of the movie day dreaming about more exciting things in my life...like porn, and rearranging my sock drawer.

review/helpfulness: 4/8
review/text: I've purchased every Prospectus written and have thoroughly enjoyed each one. Gone from the 2008 issue, however, are the hidden easter-egg cleverly humorous player commentaries, which, though entertaining, were often insulting. This year's write-ups were pure vanilla, politically correct and seemly cut-and-pasted from player to player.I miss the occasional humorous commentary, like from the 2007 edition on Tony Clark: "His 2005 was regal, impressive, and mighty, like the elegance of a trumpet voluntary. His 2006 season was more like a pack of fourth graders playing trombone for the very first time with no instruction during a locust infestation."Granted, too much humor distracts from the purpose of the book, but being absolutely devoid of humor makes it a boring numbers read.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This product I got yesterday doesn't do all its features when connected to my Mitsubishi 62525. It seemed to work ok but when I actually tried to record something it would lose its connection. Will probably return it if I can't get it to be stable this weekend.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: I made the mistake of buying this game without renting it first. The screen shots made this game look awesome, but truley, the game fails in every aspect. First, the controls are very un-smooth and crude and handle inconsistently. The graphics are not stunning at all...there is a lack of detail to the environment and there is a lack of continuity when interacting with the environment when playing as Vexx especially when rock climbing. The game is also very annoying on several levels: Collecting stuff is usually fun - not in Vexx - in every level your goal is to collect these hearts by performing tasks or reaching certain places, or by collecting 100 orb things, anyways, I had about 97 orb things and then I saw a hidden heart piece - so I went to get that - the problem is that as soon as you get a new heart you start over at the beginning of the level with ZERO orb things! Brutally "un-fun"!...Plus the game is completely un-enchanting and unmagical like the great Zelda games. The enemies are so bland and the environments are as random and meaningless as the pointless storyline and tasks. I can't decide what is worse: Acclaim's Vexx or Turok Evolution...

review/helpfulness: 7/28
review/text: Ok so these are great pants. Come on guys. They are pleated. Even though the stores sell pleated pants doesn't mean you should be wearing them.The only thing the pleats do is add bulk to the waist line area and make you look fat or fatter.Just get the flat front Dockers and do all of us a favor.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: Over the last few years, Super Mario Bros. has evolved into a more well-received film as it has reached a cult classic status in the eyes of nostalgic moviegoers that grew up in the late 80s and early 90s. As present-day moviegoers are drowned in over-the-top, often times cheap-looking computer generated graphics in just about every film nowadays, it has become refreshing to look back at films from the 80s and 90s where higher budgets allowed large scale practical effects & set pieces to push the technological envelope. It was a time where a dab of CGI could complement or enhance the film's special effects rather than completely replace them. Films like Terminator 2, Jurassic Park, and yes, even Super Mario Bros. found that perfect balance between practical effects & CGI and paved the way for so many "unfilmable" stories to be made into films today.Although there is no denying the fact that the atmosphere of the film is a departure from the original source material, the film still successfully captures the spirit of the video game, but with a more adult-oriented twist. While the film doesn't have any of those colorfully polished, fantastical landscapes that the video game is known for, what it does offer is the same adventurous, playful spirit of the game. If you watch the film closely, you'll see that even through the dystopian, Blade Runner-esque art direction and set design, there are a multitude of references to the video games proving that for every gritty aspect of the film that seems like it doesn't fit in with the game, there are many other aspects that are taken straight from the game. References to the Bullet Bills, Bob-Ombs, Hammer Bros., Thwomps, etc. are cleverly scattered throughout the film and any fan of the game will have a blast going on a scavenger hunt to find them as they watch the film.Looking past the visual aspects of the film that do not seem to fit in even though the ties to the game are countless, the true spirit of the game is found in the enthusiastic, playful performances of Bob Hoskins, John Leguizamo, Dennis Hopper, and the rest of the cast. Sure, much of the dialogue is campy and over-the-top, but what works so well is how much fun the actors are having in the roles. And that is where this film exudes the true spirit of the games. It is a FUN adventure film just as the games were meant to be a fun journey through each level.Is it a great piece of cinema history? No, of course not. This was never meant to be an Oscar worthy film, it was simply meant to be fun, escapist, summer entertainment for kids and adults alike that gave them a break from the real world for 2 hours. It's a fine example of films from the early 90s that were just designed to be fun films to take your imagination on a great ride.So instead of feeling like you're taking a chance with this film, just sit down with a bowl of popcorn, a few friends, and an open mind and simply enjoy a film like Super Mario Bros. that isn't afraid to be a little silly and unrealistic, like so many films of today are. And just in case you need that dose of cynicism that most of today's films have, this one even has a little bit of that too.To read more about the filmmaking roller-coaster ride Super Mario Bros. went through, be sure to check out [...] for a behind the scenes look at the costumes, props, and sets, as well as what the filmmakers and cast think of the film today!

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: I absolutely agree with all previous reviews: great movie, but it should be in widescreen version on DVD. Otherwise I can watch it on tv. I hope that someday I'll be able to buy the widescreen version.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I bought this because I'd heard the opening track &quot;Down in the Desert&quot; and thought it excellent. I was stunned to find the whole CD is supreme...this is surely one of the best kept secrets in all of rock. Thin White Rope are a combination of Television and Sonic Youth and Nick Cave and Pavement and better than all of them. &quot;When Worlds Collide&quot; is one of my most treasured CDs and one of the greatest compilations in the history of rock music.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: Ultimately, the hardest decision about the Foundation books is to decide how to read them. Maybe I'm being ridiculous, but I think you will enjoy them more if you read them in the order they were written. If so, this is the second book. If you have not yet read Foundation, then you need to go back and do so before tackling this one.Your other choice is to read the prequels first, then go onto Foundation. In that case, this is the fourth book you should read.Whichever choice you make, don't read this book first.On the surface, Foundation and Empire will seem like an uninspired playing out of Hari Seldon's vision for the future. Ah! But there's much more happening, so pay attention. When you get to the end of the book, you may find you have missed the mainstream and will have to go back. Don't worry, almost everyone has that reaction.Asimov is a brilliant conceptual writer, but not someone who slaved over every word (in fact, he was famous for writing most of his many books in only 1 or 2 drafts, with little editing after that). This book begins to develop the full Foundation concept in all of its stunning beauty.In many ways, you will be reading this book from the eyes of the first Foundation. But that's the unimportant one. The real action is with the second Foundation. Be sure to keep that in mind.When you meet the Mule, don't think of him as an aberration but rather as an extension of today's potential. That will make the book more interesting for you.Many people find this book to be the least interesting one of the Foundation series. Let me warn you that reading this one will greatly increase your pleasure in the following books beginning with the Second Foundation (which is your next pleasant reading assignment).Enjoy this irresistible series!

review/helpfulness: 10/12
review/text: Forget about reading into any meaning that you think this film may offer. The director is known as just a person who likes to mess with your brains. Anyone who has seen his previous works will snap this one up in an instant. Those who enjoy this movie will likely try his other fine beverages for the head.Basically the protagonist, a sexually insane music teacher, is as mad as bag of hammers yet manages to stay somewhat somber in her profession because she fits in with the rest of the snobs, but deep inside she is totally and completely bananas with a surreal sized suppressed sexual appetite to boot. So she walks the music halls with his lemon sucking expression among all the other lemon suckers who are sucking their lemons for very different reasons to hers and for this reason nobody really knows who or what she is like.When a music student falls head over heels in love with her they set out on a voyage of absolute debauchery in every nock and cranny that they can do it in. However his love of her is totally blind to her madness. He perceives her sadomasochism as an extension of her frustration when in fact that it just another major part of her psychosis. As they delve around with each other (sometimes very violently) the viewer begins to understand that this is really just a very sick woman who needs treatment fast and yet the world she works in and her lover can not identify it. In fact many viewers will fail to grasp that the main character is crazy until the very last scene which drives the message home like a knife to the heart.This is great art-house cinema and as an insane movie ranks up there with the best of them. Some of the [] scenes are very close to X-rated material and certainly many viewers will be put off by that and the heavy amounts of violence that are sometimes on display. In short, this is a great movie about insanity, love and professionalism rolled into one. The characters in this movie are unique and the film is certainly deserving of the acclaim it received.Challenging.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: Even thought I'm not the biggest of Cher fans, this movie was her crowning achievement. She won the Academy Award for this one, this was before all the tabloid stuff and her awkwardness of the 90s set in. Still, I like Cher. She's made something out of nothing, and she always lands on her feet.Cher plays someone very un-Cher in this movie, a dowdy young widow named Loretta living in New York with her extended family. They're Italian-American, loud and always at each other in someway. She has been going out with Johnny Camarary for a while, a nice mamma's boy man, and he asks her to marry him. She says yes. I loved her mom's questions: "Do you love him Loretta?", "No.", "Good. If you love him he'll drive you crazy because they know they can. But you like him then?", "Oh yeah, he's a sweet man Ma". When Johnny goes off to Sicily to care for his dying mother, he asks that Loretta make contact with his brother who he's been estranged from for years.Loretta meets Ronnie, Johnny's rough and bitter brother who holed himself up in the basement of a bakery shoveling bread dough into the coal stove. While he shows her that he's a big brute and obnoxious, he also decides once she shows her chops as a sparring partner that this is the woman he loves. After sleeping with him, Loretta wants to run away. But Ronnie pursues, and after a night at the opera together in secret, Loretta falls hard for him.This was a phenomenal movie in so many ways. It's about love, to be sure, but it's also about infidelity, secrets, lonely people, and strange behavior brought on by lunar cycles. The characters from the frumpy BoBo at the favorite restaurant, the aunt and uncle, her parents and their problems, the ancient grandfather and his dogs are all well developed characters and likable. It's somewhat of a chick flick, as it's how Loretta stops being a dowdy stuffed shirt and awakens the flower of the inner vamp. It's a Cinderella story in many ways, and that is every little girl's dream to emerge from the ugly duckling into a beautiful swan.Moonstruck is a delight and leaves you laughing everytime. Love it. And you don't have to be a Cher fan to appreciate it.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: This book is a pleasant and often amusing read, a nice mix of day to day observations, occasional spice, certainly cheap at twice the price.

review/helpfulness: 2/6
review/text: I think the movie 'The Odyssey' was great. You would think for this movie that the special effects would be really bad, but they wern't. 'The Odyssey' is about a man called Odissius. He and his wife Penelope had a son. But on the day Oddisiusses son was born he had to go to the Trojan war. The story has many twists and turns as he goes through the jorney of trying to get back home.

review/helpfulness: 13/14
review/text: I must admit, I wasn't particularly looking forward to this book. While I love certain of Mercedes Lackey's writing - especially her Elemental Masters and Free Bards series and her historical retellings of fairy tales - I've never warmed up to her Valdemar books, and I'd never read anything by (or even about) her two co-authors, Eric Flint and David Freer.I started the book, and was underwhelmed. While the concept seemed interesting - an alternate Renaissance Italy where magic works - the execution seemed clunky, introducing over a dozen major characters within the first chapter or so (a common mistake in historical novels). But within the first few chapters, I found myself caught up by the characters and the events that tied their lives together. By this point, the book had become so gripping that I couldn't stop until I finished it - and at 800-some pages, that takes a while! This is a wonderful book, and has persuaded me to check out some books by Flint and Freer while I'm at it. Certainly if you're at all interested in historical fantasy (especially dealing with alternate histories) you should give this book a chance.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: I just purchased this item. What a delight it is. Large print with many footnotes. This book is a real bargain at this price. You owe it to yourself to add this to your collection.

review/helpfulness: 12/13
review/text: Pancatantra the ancient book of fables, is an interesting collection of animal stories composed in India around the third century of the Christian era. It has been one of the first Indian classics to be translated into the western languages. Therefore these fables with their relevance to political, moral and religious life have become widely known and acclaimed. Patrick Olivelle the chair of the department of Asian Studies at the University of Texas in Austin, equipped with necessary expertise and familiarity with the subject matter and language, has translated these fables and rendered them in plain everyday language, though with all their complexities, for the sake of the American readers. The very informative introduction and extensive explanatory notes make the text fairly simple and easy to understand and relish. For those interested in the Indian classics, this storybook is a wonderful gift.

review/helpfulness: 2/21
review/text: I wish I could have given this book &quot;no stars:&quot; it's a book that deserves every star that man, god or science has created, and nothing we can put here on the internet (or in any review in any medium) would do it the eternal justice it deserves. A dream of a book: I would pick it up the day after having read forty pages, start the next chapter, and wonder where it was I had left off the night before. A book that gives off narcotic fumes, that gives off disembowling violence, love, and indifference. A book that deserves more awards than humankind can bestow.

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: This is a good action packed movie sure to please the science fiction/fantasy enthusiast. The story starts with an alternate history of the moon landing with an alien discovery twist and moves on to become a fast-paced action movie with the familiar heroes except for one, a new romantic interest. The new romantic interest, played by Rosie Huntington-Whitely, fails to measure up to the previous one played by Megan Fox.The sound and video are both first rate and will rattle your rafters if you crank up the sound high enough. The story line holds ones interest and provides enough surprise elements to keep one guessing. This is a worthy addition to the franchise and a keeper for any collector of this genre.I recommend it highly.

review/helpfulness: 11/18
review/text: The book, False Intimacy, arrived in excellent condition and it's content is truly amazing and informative. Dr. Shaumburg is definitely serving Jesus Christ with this book and is following Christ's calling in his life. From the original sin of Adam and Eve until now, man will always deal with sin hear on Earth, but Dr. Shaumburg offers wonderful Christian insight into the specific topic of different behavoirs we become involved in trying to fill a place in our heart that only Jesus' Holy Spirit can fill. The key is be submissive to Jesus' Holy Spirit.Awesome book!!!

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: A disgrace to both REM and the work of good quartets. The idea is enticing, but the quartet's execution is awful. Truly terrible. Dull. Choppy. Uninteresting. Same. I'd say boring, but I can't stand to listen to it long enough to get bored. It's so bad I was compelled to log onto this website just to see if I could get my money back. I see the quartet doesn't even have a name -- I can understand why. It's advertised as just &quot;The String Quartet Tribute to R.E.M.&quot; and it lists the players. Maybe someone else could do better, but I doubt it, as the arrangements are bad too. Sorry to say it, but this CD is truly awful!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: the swords are made of bamboo strips and take quite a while to break down. I use them with hocky armor and modified boxing gloves. apx. 4 ppl (myself include) activly spar with these swords. as they are made out of bamboo, and are not solid, or made of meteal the blows they deal are lessend, yet a a realistic feal, and weight. unlike plastic or foam swords, these will last for apx 1-2 years depending on how offen you spar and how hard you swing them. yes they will break, just not ludicrysly fast. dont swing them against solid object such as trees. :) they dont apear to take any dmg. at first, but after about 10 full blown swings the bambo starts to break. I own 4 of these swords, and highly recomend them. oh and they will give you a good workout. you'll be pooped in about 10-20 mins.

review/helpfulness: 6/11
review/text: I just love miserable self-loathing kids who feel appalled over something that gets hyped up as something special while going as far as writing in one star reviews under different user names. This "I'm so alone and I love only what is unknown because it's so personal" view ignoring any potential mainstream act with real talent is so.......nevermind. If you are an interested customer, I would visit the web site, www.miauk.com/ and listen to a few tracks before deciding on the album. I'm not jumping in on any "hip" bandwagon with this record because I can honestly say that I'm constantly craving the beat that Maya moves too. Most dance records carry with it a short lifespan with a high burnout factor. Maya's sexy vocal flirtations moving to offbeat beats and noises with influences ranging from her homeland Sri Lanka, Jamaica, and IDM, is essential. Many records in this hip-hop/dance catagory carry with it filler. Not with this record 'cause every song holds it's own. Unfortunately, MIA falls in the crack between the pretentious indie snobs who snub dance as illegitimate and the preconditioned "I only like what's familiar to my ears" mainstream. I really hope America isn't so conditioned that they miss the boat altogether with this project much like what they did with The Streets.

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: In the preface to this new, revised 20th anniversary edition of Catholic and Christian, author Alan Schreck reflects upon the centrality of the Eucharist at the core of the Catholic tradition as John Paul II calls us to enter the "Year of the Eucharist". This book covers all of the topics we Catholics are frequently asked about in conversation by our non-Catholic friends: Mary, the Communion of Saints, the Pope and more. The book is not only of value for its apologetic purposes, but also for any Catholic (or for individuals wanting to inform themselves about the Faith) who wants to learn more about the traditions at the core of our Church. The topics covered remain timely in an era when many are striving to understand the true teachings of the Church.

review/helpfulness: 8/27
review/text: "The first WWI aviation film in 40 years", so director Tony Bill reported gloats in a recent interview. Actually, "30" would present a more accurate figure, considering the 1976 release of the JAck Gold's "Aces High", but no bother. I needn't fret about Bill's lack of affinity for cinematic history; his readily apparent ineptitude in both the historical and technical departments is bad enough.Talk about ineptitude (among other things), this supposed homage to an actual WWI squadron perpetuates just about every conceivable clich&eacute; imaginable, furthermore effectively stealing elements from nearly every aviation flick ever devised, including Blue Max, the Dawn Patrol, Dark Blue World, the Tuskegee Airmen, and even that age-old silent flick from 1927, WINGS. Furtherome, the battle scenes themselves reflect the most cheesy elements of propaganda war flicks, culminating in the endless ranks of snarling villains, the cheering crowds on the ground below as our heroes intercept the strafing Huns to save the day, and even a veritable race against the proverbial clock to destroy a German airship before it supposedly "obliterates" the entirety of Paris.And as of the various manners in which this film blatantly exhibits its readily apparent lack of prowess for historical and technical accuracies, let me count the ways.For starters, let's consider the countless manners in which the on-screen aircraft repeatedly defy the laws physics. Admittedly, some reviewers have pointed out Tony Bill's part-time profession as an aerobatic pilot, which in essence appears to compromised his interpretations of World War I combat, as he seems to have derived his perception of first world war fighters from having logged too many hours in Pitts Special as opposed to having derived genuine insight into the performance capabilities and limitations of such elaborate contusions of fabric and wood. For one thing, the aircraft exhibit speeds twice in excess that of the actual performance capabilities of World War I aircraft, culminating in a host of physical implausibilities as overly efficient climbing characteristics as if instigated in the absence of a stall barrier, low-level maneuvers that would have invariably either stalled the aircraft or resulted in considerable wing shear, not to mention that these biplanes and Triplanes exhibit phenomenal roll-rates which no multi-winged aircraft on the planet could possibly emulate. Evidently, Tony Bill exhibits an accurate conception of three dimensional space, but not of the actual performance characteristics of First World War-era fighters.Furthermore, the movie's glaring affinity for historical inaccuracy reflects the presence of numerous aircraft that never existed during the Escardrille's 1916 escapades, including the SE.5, Handley Page 400, Gotha IV, and of course the Fokker Dr. 1 Triplane, which brings me to another issue that drives me out of my mind, culminating in one of the most trivial misinterpretations about World War I aviation. Bottom line, the above depiction stems from a trivial and widespread popular misconception that by default associates World War One German aircraft with countless formations of red-coated Triplanes, as if the Germans had somehow managed to perpetuate endless clones of Von Richtofen, to say nothing about the fact that the Fokker Dr. 1 was ultimately produced in insignificant numbers, culminating in an actual production run of only 160 examples.In fact, the Lafayette Escabdrille fought the majority of its pitched-battles against outmoded Fokker E.III Eindeckers and two-seat Albatross and Aviatik observation scouts, the superior equipment of the Amercans frequently offset by their readily apparent lack of experience.And another thing, the average life expectancy of a World War I pilot is actually confined to the space of a single week, unlike the film's more optimistic projection of 3 to 6. Furthermore, somebody should remind the screenwriters never to emphasizes the virtues of German aircraft by citing the presence of all powerful engines, as the rates of horsepower which the Germans managed to conceive lagged considerably behind that of their allied counterparts.Furthermore, pilots were indeed NOT permitted to instill their own personal insignias, considering that, unlike World War II, rarely were aircrew assigned individual aircraft, often dispersing their ranks among the types available in a manner that typically resulted sharing planes out amongst each other. Furthermore, as blatantly misrepresnted by the closing scene, there is simply no such thing as rejoining one's formation in the event of finalizing an aerial skirmish, as aircraft frequently fought pitched battles at length, scattering miles away from each other, thus relaying each pilot with the burden of utilizing landmarks and navigations skills as the sole means for finding their way home on an individual basis.Reverting to the film's one and only redeeming feature, the various aspects in which the Flyboys attempts to model battle damage in conjunction with the various behaviors of shedding wings and burning engines bear a more accurate depiction than the remainder of the film. However, given the all too elaborate staging of such sequences through an over use of Green Screen techninques in conjunction with an overabundance of CGI effectively renders the overall appearance as reminiscent of, as one reviewer stated "playing a really cool video game" as opposed to providing a genuine "in the cockpit" sensation for the expreiences of piloting such frail machinations.Most offensive, however, is the gratuitous manner in which the movie concocts the entire spectacle within a fanciful dressing of glamour, all the while pedaling it's pretensions for historical and physical accuracy.In all fairness, perhaps I should lend Tony Bill an additional bone by citing the best moment of the entire movie, in which the guts of that blabbering Christian fanatic splatters the entirety of his instrument panel (the only moment in the entire film in which I cheered).Ultimately, the inclusion of a photograph of the actual members of the Lafayette Escadrille seems like a cruel joke, as if the preceding spectacle of cartoonish escapism somehow culminates in an authentic tribute to the squadron in question.Considering the shear sparsity of world war one related aviation flicks, it doesn't take a genius to brand this endeavor as by far the worst ever conceived.For more informative and productive viewing, I can recommend virtually every other aviation flick on the market, from the veritable classics like "Blue Max" and "Aces High" , to some of the more lukewarm efforts of "Ace of Aces" and "Von Richtofen and Brown".

review/helpfulness: 8/10
review/text: I purchased this H-P LaserJet printer through Amazon for about $88.00 at an "open box" sale. Amazon was adamant that I should know EXACTLY what I was buying and if had ANY DOUBTS, I should cancel my order. How's that for being "up front" (Amazon is a great company to deal with).The printer arrived tightly boxed in mint, unused condition, although the toner cartridge had already been installed. So "yes" the box had been already been opened (exactly as stated before the purchase). I installed the H-P printer software in my home assembled computer and the printer was now ready to roll. My Windows XP Operating System detected the printer immediately. I printed out a test sheet and the black and white laser print was perfect. I will soon be using this printer to print out thousands of pages of my family history (genealogy) and I won't have to worry about running out of ink in the middle of my project. The laser printer "melts the toner onto the paper so the ink is bound tightly to the paper and won't "run" (like inkjets) if there's a little moisture around. The H-P software will also allow me to do manual duplex (both sides of the paper) printing which is necessary for doing hundreds of pages that will be bound into a book. H-P knows how to design great laser printers and this is one of them. And the price has taken a tumble recently. Look for a good deal. Downside?...Gosh, does everything have to be built in Communist China these days?

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: I love pie but not this book. I have been consistently disappointed with the seven recipes I have made from this book. I followed the directions carefully but a crust that the author raves about as her favorite was dry and crumbly and lacked flavor. Several fillings were similarly lacking in flavor. Author admits a bias against fillings she deems overly sweet but her versions seemed bland to me and to my tasters. I understand tastes differ but I have not found one recipe in this book that I would make again.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: Amazing book tracing the evolution of the neopagan movement and a must read for intelligent people who are interested in the Wiccan religion. It may disillusion some of us who are laboring under the belief that we are "hereditary witches" or that modern witchcraft has a unified and unbroken heritage that extends back into pre-history. But for the truly dedicated Wiccan who has a hunger to understand and follow the historical threads, this is the book to read. If you still want to pursue Magic of any sort after you finish this book, then you will embrace the Call as a well-informed practitioner rather than just a game-player or poser.

review/helpfulness: 3/5
review/text: Far from being a novel yet a bible in the context of human history, this book tells much to all man kind. Once you finish the book, you would realize you're always alone even if you're living in a metropolis.The book is a story of a family who has lived in Macondo for about hundred years. The family started with mischief, which prevailed the fate of the family. But the family and Macondo vanished from the Earth when a baby was born with a pig tail.Bible tells about God's love towards human being; the book tells about the life of people who were deserted from God. Bible says about the Judgement of man kind; the book says about the suffering of deserted people. Bible is the promise of the uncertain salavation and Second Advent of Christ; the book is the story about the fate of deserted people who should suffer solitude even after dying.If you couldn't help but feel lonely, this book tells you why.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: Do not buy or rent this. Adam Sandler is officially a no talent hack. This is not for children or anyone for that matter unless lame brained scattological humor with absolutely no point is your thing.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: It's pretty hard to get through some of this book. I had to read it for a program that I'm doing through my church. There's a lot of good information, especially in the fasting chapter; but overall it tends to be a little repetitive and there aren't enough practical suggestions for how to actually start doing the things he suggests we should do, at least not for my liking. Overall, it was a fair book - you probably won't enjoy it much but you'll benefit from what it says, if you put it into practice.

review/helpfulness: 17/17
review/text: After many disappointments with corded and wireless headsets and the unavailability of a Bluetooth(tm) option for our phone system, I purchased the CS70 because of its use of the 6.0 DECT (1.9 GHz) band, digitally-encrypted audio (Essential for our health care office, after having a local scanner hobbyist e-mail us some of our conversations from 5.8 GHz "analog" cordless telephones.), the reported 300 foot range, less chance of interference with 2.4 GHz WiFi networks (and the other myriad of gadgets in that crowded frequency band) and recommendations that the audio was "second to none."Other cordless headsets that we had purchased in the past were useless when trying to communicate with some of our elderly, hard-of-hearing clients. The CS70 allows adjustments of both incoming and outgoing audio from moderate levels to almost painfully loud. At the highest volume settings it could almost qualify as a speaker phone in a quiet room! We have received many unsolicited compliments about our telephone call sound quality from the hard of hearing. Comments such as: "What telephone are you using? I can't understand anybody else on the telephone except when your office calls." Our clients who have difficulty hearing are much more likely to answer our calls when they see our number in the caller ID because of this. Apparently the Plantronics noise-cancelling and digital audio processing increases the intelligibility. The 64-bit audio encryption, sufficient for all but the most demanding security environments, does not degrade the audio quality - something that we noted with cordless telephones we've had in the past from Panasonic and Uniden that use FHSS or DSS ("frequency hopping spread spectrum" or "digital spread spectrum") although, as far as we know they are quite secure and our calls were never monitored successfully.The optional Handset Lifter HL-10 is anything but "optional." It is a "must have" with this device. The whole point of having a cordless headset is not having to return to the base unit for every function - especially to pick up and hang up the phone! For the price Plantronics is charging, the HL-10 should be included. Furthermore, the HL-10's compatibility, even with models that are so listed on the Plantronics website, is a relative term that will require some ingenuity to insure reliability. In our experience, a small piece of Velcro(tm) to attach the handset to the lifter works wonders, but it took several hours of "trial and error" to figure this out. Use enough Velcro(tm) to secure the handset when moved by the lifter, but not so much that the handset cannot be easily removed without yanking the lifter out of position.The biggest disappointment with the CS70 is the range. The listed "up to 300 feet" is a joke. Even in completely open terrain with no intervening walls in a flat rural area of Florida with no known powerful electromagnetic radiation sources. The best distance we could achieve was 60-75 feet and still have reliable, noise-free communications even with optimal base unit positioning in an elevated location away from all metal and other electronic devices. The range indoors, in an office environment, with sheetrock, non-metallic walls and the usual collection of office equipment and furniture drops to 50 feet AT BEST. With the metallic studs that are used as wall supports in many commercial building, the CS70 basically becomes a "line of sight" device over 25-30 feet. In one of our clinics, the range was so short that we thought that we had a defective unit. However, after exchanging it for another CS70, we got the same results. Of course, very few of us need a range of 300 feet, but it is very annoying to drop a call while making a short trip down the hall for a file. The short range reduces the CS70's usefulness as an aid to "multitasking." Could it be that the lack of an external antenna is responsible for this? Somebody needs to call Plantronics "on the carpet" for their bogus range claims.The headset, although it appears bulky, is surprisingly comfortable. Battery life is outstanding. And the headset recharges rapidly, making it easy to use the CS70 all day. If you're a big talker, you might have to leave headset in the charger during lunch. We can't comment on battery longevity since we've only had the CS70's for a couple of months.Although the CS70 touts its interference resistance, we've had trouble with the CS70 in our office near the airport. These problems did not affect the "frequency hopping" cordless phones in either the 2.4 and 5.8 GHz bands that we've had in the past. Also, some PDA telephones, like the Cingular 8125 and others, intermittently interfere with the CS70. Every few minutes there will be several seconds of static and the outgoing audio is dropped. What the source of this interference is, we still haven't determined. But it seems that it would have to either be the Bluetooth or WiFi transmitters.

review/helpfulness: 10/17
review/text: This was Gardner's first book. Like a lot of first books, it has some good ideas, some bad ideas and some mediocre execution.The Technocracy is a good idea. A galaxy wide, fairly informal organization, it encompasses civilizations so advanced as to be omnipotent. Earth is a very junior member. There's only one unalterable rule in the Technocracy: non-sentient species, defined as a species that kills, aren't permitted to travel beyond their system. If they try, they are killed, with no more compunction than we'd swat a mosquito.Explorers are a good idea, they are brave, intelligent scouts on new planets, with physical defects that make their inescapably high mortality rates politically acceptable. I'm not sure I buy the premise, but at least it's a new idea.Melaquin, the &quot;dumping ground&quot; for the Earth's political hot potatoes, is a bad idea, and the corruptness, incompetence and stupidity of the Earth's governing body is a genuinely dumb idea.Still, the good carries the bad, and overall this is a good read. Gardner's later books, featuring much the same cast of characters, are better. Festina Ramos, the protagonist here, is a far more interesting person in &quot;Vigilant&quot; and &quot;Hunted,&quot; two of the later books.Gardner bears watching. If he continues to improve, he could be a genuinely new voice in science fiction.

review/helpfulness: 7/16
review/text: There is much to be admired in Anne Sofie Von Otter's interpretation : she makes of Alceste a truly moving character, and really charges each word with meaning and expression. Compare this and her interpretation of Clytemnestre in "Iphig&eacute;nie en Aulide" (Gardiner - Erato) recorded 10 or fifteen years ago and you will hear how her knowledge and diction of the French language have improved to reach perfection. However her voice sounds too stretched by the tessitura of the role and, if still powerful, discolours at the bottom of the range especially. Because of that, I'm afraid the Alceste of Jessye Norman for Baudo is still too strong of a contestant : she might be a bit too diva-esque to make you believe that she is a real character, but the voice is just too beautiful for words. Baudo's set also has Nicolai Gedda's Adm&egrave;te.Then there is Gardiner's conducting. I really do not think that he brings life to the piece : on the contrary, I find his conducting rather cold, as often, more an intellectual approach than something coming from the heart.What I found really irritating, is that he allowed himself to change the lyrics of the only well-known aria of the whole work : under Gardiner the aria "Divinit&eacute;s du Styx,..." becomes "Ombres, larves..." (a literal translation of the Italian version's libretto). How presomptious is this ! Gardiner justifies this in the booklet by saying that Berlioz had himself recommended this alternative verse when he adapted the work for his prima donna. However she refused to change the text and still sang the aria starting with "Divinit&eacute;s du Styx"... I guess she also found the "new" lyrics sounded too ridiculous in French ("What larvae ?").Not the ideal set then... When will we get a version conducted by Minkowski ?

review/helpfulness: 16/17
review/text: When I was learning to read Middle Egyptian, it was Lichtheim who kept me on track. She has a wonderful gift for translation. Her translations, while very close to literal, somehow manage to carry the atmosphere of the original without sounding as bizarre as a literal translation would.

review/helpfulness: 2/9
review/text: I loved Dark Of The Moon it was action packed and had a great story. Bay also included a huge fan favorite in wheeljack aka Que and Shockwave. I also loved Dino and The Wreckers so much transformers in this one i was hardly bored. Transformers Dark Of The Moon will be on dvd September 30th. I wish amazon would already release the date for the dvd since walmart has conformed sept 30th is the dvd release.

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: This is my favorite of all her albums. What a voice and the arrangements, well they don't do it like that anymore.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: I went to Frye's Electronics 3 weeks ago to purchase the Creative Labs 40GB Zen Xtra, when I noticed the Polaroid Juke Mam. I was impressed by the FM tuner - complete with 10 presets (it even records FM programs to MP3 files), the voice recorder, and nice large LCD screen were nice too. It was also priced within $10.00 of the Zen Xtra, so I opted for this unknown (unresearched) option.The sound was great, and I really loved how easy and logical the modified joysick-style selector button works. A week later, and after loading over 19GB of data to its hard drive, the thing simply locked-up and would not reboot. Fry's promptly replaced it for another. The second player's screen began to fade beyond readability after 4 days. That window gave me time to remove most of my data, and return the second Juke Jam to the store.This time, I traded it for the 40GB Zen Xtra. I have had ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS with the Creative Labs model. The product rep was there in the store. He told me they recently upgraded the firmware, allowing simple drag-and-drop tranfer of data. It not only performs better, but it also has an AWESOME EAX sound enhancement tool. Honestly, it made my very basic car stereo sound like I was listening to my BOSE home theater!!!He mentioned they should be releasing a player with an FM-tuner soon, but I wanted my portable music options now. The features of the two items may appear to be similiar; in fact, the Polaroid features look better at first glance. But, I have to put my money (nearly $300.00) where the quality is. Creative Labs created a portable music experience! I don't mean to sound like some kind of spokesman for CL, but this thing simply ROCKS!!!Did I mention it's nearly $200.00 cheaper than the IPOD (which by the way, does not play the smaller sized, better quality WMA files). I LOVE the size of the IPOD, but that feature doesn't come close to justifying it's $489.00 price tag. Macintosh has once again, priced themselves out of the market. Sure there are thousands of people that have IPODs, but they could have cornered the entire MP3 portable player market. Fortunately, Apple once again let the competition create feature-packed players for $100.00's of dollars less.If you want real quality in a player that plays MP3, WMA's, and features an unmatched sound processor, go with the Zen Xtra. If you've got the money, and don't really need as much space as I do, get the IPOD. Otherwise, wait for more of the research and design to shake-out in this industry. There are sure to be some very interesting innovations coming to this Christmas!!!Today - ZEN XTRA ROCKS HARD!!!

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I always thaught Dolly Parton was a cheesy, Hollywood manufactured musician untill The Grass Is Blue was released. This CD is amazing from start to finish. My favorite song is the Billy Joel cover song Travelin Prayer. The musicianship on this CD is teriffic and Dolly's voice combined with an all star band makes for a cd that will never leave your cd player. I personally am not a country music fan however, I am a fan of great instrumentation, and this cd is one of the best examples of this I have heard in a while. If you are looking for something new to listen too, grab The Grass is Blue!, you wont regret it.

review/helpfulness: 1/14
review/text: This book helped me incredibly understand the odds and help beat the casino at their games. I recommend it.

review/helpfulness: 2/14
review/text: This movie is definitely to be loved or to be hatred, there's some malevolant little voice who saids , well maybe the "selective reincarnation" could be fun, !

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: This recording is proof that God exists. Like seeing Michaelangelo's David, climbing the red rocks of Sedona or listening to the giggles of a four-month-old, hearing this disc leaves one with a sense of well-being and light, knowing that the Universe is not just a random play of molecules after all, but a deliberate dance of infinite possibilities and joy.Coltrane pushed and pushed himself his entire life, but here he just pushed his ego aside and let it flow.These are not merely musical notes. They are echoes of the primordial Om, a prime example of Man's capacity for perfection. Truly A Love Supreme.I guess you could say that I dig this album.

review/helpfulness: 19/19
review/text: If you take the ear bud off the Jawbone and try to attach the Jabra Eargels, they won't stay on very well. Instead, notice that the Jawbone comes with two round earbuds that appear to be identical. Tear the rubber shroud off one of them to expose the round plastic piece inside of it. Take this plastic piece and lock it onto the Jawbone (read user's manual). The Eargels will slip over this piece and hold quite firmly to the headset. Notice also that the Eargels have a square notch on the inside. Point the notch toward the back of the Jawbone. This will align the piece properly with the ear.The Eargels allow the Jawbone to be securely held in the ear without the annoyingly difficult earloop, but cause a little discomfort in my ear because I have to use the larger pieces. With the earloop, I can use the smallest piece and the Eargels are very comfortable.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: You know how they say that an infinite number of monkies on an infinite number of typewriters would eventually produce Hamlet?Well, for this book, I'd guess that Dr. Laberge employed 3 monkies for 10 minutes.

review/helpfulness: 23/30
review/text: considering that i want to be a vet, i guess you could say that any book i read is &quot;outstanding&quot;, but i really give this book nothing but loud cheers for the way it makes you almost &quot;weak&quot; i love animals so much and i always watch &quot;Emergency Vets&quot; on Animal Planet and i even volunteer at an animal hospital in La Jolla, Ca. i love being around animals, and my dream is to be a vet. i want to thank you for this outstanding book, i loved it!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: After reading Sidney Poitier's recent memoir &quot;Measure of a Man,&quot; interest in this film was rekindled. Does this black and white, 1960's film stand up in these contemporary times? Not only does it stand up, it stands up with a pride and dignity that puts most of today's lame Hollywood efforts to shame!This is a simple story, but it is proof that a simple story, illuminating simple human truths, if told well, can go on to live powerfully in one's memory. A wandering man inadvertendly stumbles onto a convent of nuns who believe that he has been &quot;sent&quot; to build their long awaited church. His better sense tells him to move on. His heart tricks him into staying. A crazy idea gradually transforms into a collective project, and the embodiment of a dream fulfilled. I also like that Poitier's character is so well defined and developed that the fact that he is black and the nuns are white does not factor one bit into the telling of the story. Interestingly, Poitier points out in his memoir that the production of this film oddly anticipated the story it told. The director was given a paltry sum to make the movie, since producers were convinced it would not be successful. Rather than conclude that the budget was too tight, the director carried on, asking the cast and crew to make extraordinary sacrifices, including unpaid rehearsal (in violation of actors' union rules). But such was the faith of those committed to bringing &quot;Lillies of the Field&quot; to screen. Such was the faith portrayed in the film. So, in effect, a wondrous film that simply HAD to find its way to realization. Great for the whole family in an era of aggressively marketed trash.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: What can't one say about this it is truly brilliant.Visually stunning the dialogue was witty yet still thought provocking and the movie was paced perfectly.I recomend this to all ages

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This book was a real find for someone who wants to learn how to play the piano and black gospel at the same time. It is very basic and easy to use.

review/helpfulness: 13/14
review/text: from a surprising source! Joe Esterhaz, not a particular favorite of mine, shines in the telling of his autobiographical &quot;coming of age&quot; story as a teenage immigrant in the early 60's. Much has been made of the immigrant experience in the earlier part of the century, but this film gives us insight into what it was like for Europeans to be transported to America's &quot;golden age&quot;.Maximillian Schell is back on the screen, and welcome as the father of Esterhaz' alter-ego, Karchy Jonas. He is a bit puzzling until you learn that he was a highly educated man in his native Hungary, forced into menial labor in his new country of choice. He has instilled his belief in the power of being an American citizen in his son, Karchy, played by Brad Renfro. Renfro is believable and gives a delicious naivete to the role of Karchy, both in his words and deeds. His relationship to an older woman, Diney (Calista Flockhart looking real, not just cute) makes sense when you see how much she yearns for his honesty and his sense of wonder. Despite a high ethical standard set by his father, Karchy is a noted fabricator of fibs. Everyone who hears his stock line &quot;Lots of times&quot;, knows he is lying.Enter Kevin Bacon, the perfect Svengali for a boy looking to become a man in the &quot;coolest&quot; way possible. Bacon is a hot disc jockey, whose personal code of honor is questionable. There is no question that this is one of his strongest performances ever. From body language to his Texas twang, his regret at how his life turned out (from a brief glimpse he shares late in the movie) makes him a standout playing an early 60's &quot;lounge lizard&quot;. Bacon has a fine portfolio of work, but this is his ultimate role.Music and set are perfect for this nostalgic look back to the 60's. A great film, underappreciated by many.

review/helpfulness: 4/26
review/text: I read this in the 1980's, and it was a non-event back then. Like most books that claim to have "the answer," this book gives an enormously over-simplified view of economics that does not reflect the real world. Moreover, it presents as settled many open questions, claiming the authors opinions as facts. There are many better books on free-market economics, and far, far better books on economics in general.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: I was supposed to read this book 25 or so years ago in high school. It was heavy going, and pretty meaningless to me at the time. It has come to be one of my favourite books, and I have read it more than once. The thing about hardy is that the sense of place, and time is so evocative. I have lived as an adult in Dorset - hardy Country, and recognise many of the locales he writes so beautifully about. More astounding is that some of the social mores and economic system ( indentured labour, tied villages) still exist. Like Dickens, coincidence plays a heavy hand in Hardy's plot development, a contrivance that is a little agitating to the modern, more cynical reader. Still, I find it entiely appropriate to an era when people were most often trapped in a life dictated by circumstance, when free will didn't play nearly as large a part as it does now, in a Britain where there was no place for a meritocracy, class and social station being everything. Some vestiges of that are still very evident in English life (Royalty representing the apex of the class system). Tess is a classic, well worth the effort on a number of levels - the rhythm of language, and what it says about its time and place.

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: This is a very good film...moving and insightfulin many ways...but also somehow limited...while,perhaps, its heart seems to be trying to be inthe right place concerning relationship, friendship,love...it is all told in a context of the verymannerisms and affectations and &quot;fairy&quot;-taleambience that all too many non-sensitive,all-too-prone-to-misunderstand persons will taketo be the &quot;justification&quot; for their dislike,phobia, and sickened disdain...And perhaps it is trying to do too much...thelove and loss of the character Whale for hisfriend who died in the trenches of World War Iwhile Whale survived...and lived...and longed...and felt guilt...and loss...is insightful...butgets all tangled with that suffocating gas-maskscene with the Clay character...and Whale comesoff as being bizarre, if not mad...The ending is not satisfying to me...the Claycharacter just &quot;has to&quot; be shown to have madeit through the encounter &quot;safely&quot; straight...married...with a kid...who can say that he knewthe director of the movie &quot;Frankenstein&quot;...thenwalk out in the rain and pretend to be theFrankenstein monster...and seem to be laughingat himself...I should have thought that a moremeaningful ending would have been if he hadstood there in the rain...not acting like somenut-case stalking around in the rain like amonster...but thinking about that driven,haunted man he had known...and if it had notbeen beyond his &quot;macho&quot; powers, to have wepta tear or two to mingle with the rain dropsstreaming down his cheeks...But maybe sensitivity...and even this fairlymoving film are not the way to go...there areother films that speak about oppression andmisunderstanding better... the original&quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; is a very goodfilm about an oppressive society...just turnit into an allegory about those who areexpected, if not forced, to be &quot;mute&quot;in society...but there is also thefilm &quot;Another Country&quot; (1985), which unfortunately,does not seem to be available on video anylonger...it is a beautifully done film...butmakes its point about society and its intolerancejust as well...

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Hi,I'm 'BARBIE LOVER' and I really like this game,even though I'm a bit out of the age range. :) I like going around and decorating every room in the castle differently each time I play!(like the whole castle decorated with peacocks or swans or butterflies,or one room has horses and another masqarade masks,exc.)The thing which really nags me is that every time you have 12 names on your list you have to erase one to play again.I usually just erase the whole list so I won't have to do this that often. I also like the intro to the game,and the muscic in each room before you restore it. I even reconized a bit of music from the movie! If you love Fantasy,dragons,and rapunzel you should get the movie-and this very fun game!(The movie is very nice,even though it is 4 years old!)And another thing-Barbie's mask is not a mask-it is just a feather in the air-have you seen it? PS Please vote on my review! 'BARBIE LOVER'

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: I really wanted to give this product a one-star review, but the episode is such a classic that I can't bring myself to. "A Charlie Brown Christmas" is, hands down, the most wonderful Christmas special ever. Period. That fact makes this tepid attempt at a Blu-ray release all the more upsetting! The one thing above all that really cheesed me off was that the touted "digital copy" IS NOT COMPATIBLE WITH MACS!!!! How ridiculous is that? The most ubiquitous device upon which you can load digital copies is the iPod; the iPod is a Macintosh product. It stands to reason that digital copies would be compatible with Macs (as indeed every other digital copy I've ever experienced has been). But NO, not with this one. Preposterous. The next thing that was upsetting was that the price you pay for this is far, far too high for the limited content. By way of comparison, for one dollar more, we purchased the Star Trek movie (the new one) Blu-ray edition; it is a 3-disc special edition with over three hours of special features, plus a digital copy (that works on PC AND Macs!!!!). With this, you get two discs; the episode in Blu-ray and a standard DVD of the episode; an additional crappy Peanuts Christmas special (truly awful), a 10 minute making-of featurette; and of course the useless digital copy. THAT'S IT. For $19. RIP-OFF!!! I have to believe that at some point, either the price will come way down or WB will release a proper Blu-ray execution of this Christmas classic. My recommendation: save your money and wait for them to do it right!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: I'd never read any of Emma Jensen's books before this one, and I'll now be searching out more. This is a wonderful book; Ms Jensen demonstrates some great skills of storytelling, characterisation and emotion in this tale of a widow who has to confront and deal with the man she jilted seven years earlier and who she believes to have been ultimately responsible for her husband's death. And yet she discovers that the Duke of Conovar is nothing like she imagined. And very soon, because of the cruel gossip which starts to spread about him, she becomes his staunchest defender rather than his enemy.There are some heartwrenching scenes in this book, as well as some dialogue which had me glued to the page. It's impossible not to be touched by Conovar's sincerity or Deirdre's anguish as each finds out that they were mistaken about each other and about other characters whose actions impinged on their lives and destroyed their relationship seven years earlier.I thoroughly recommend this book, and I'm completely bemused by Susan Johnson's review, below. Ignore it, go with the other positive reviews on this page. This book deserved any and every award it won!

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I was going to give this release 4 stars, like everyone else, until I put on my Sennheiser headphones and gave it another listen. I was blown away--goosebumps every other minute, and the production detail is stunning. This seems to be one of those recordings that is somewhat dependent on the quality of stereo it is played on. Sounds crazy, but I really believe it. Sounds not so good on the JVC bookshelf stereo, crappy in the Chrysler, SWEET in the Audi, and stellar on the B&W;'s, the latter of which gave me a total body-rush when I played Azul at high volume.The Bottom Line: if you are a Bebel fan, you will buy this. If you're new to Bebel, I'd say start with Tanto Tempo or the Tanto Tempo Remixes. If your favorite music is Top 40 bubblegum pop, turn around and don't look back.

review/helpfulness: 10/13
review/text: This kettlebell DVD by Lisa Balash is AMAZING! Her informative intro on how to use kettlebells helps to understand the exercises she'll be doing throughout the workouts. The workouts are perfectly timed and spaced so that you get enough rest in between the exercises. She also gives suggestions on how to make it more challenging if you've used kettlebells before.I love working out at home, so it's great being able to use her dvd to refresh on proper technique and exercises I may have forgotten about. It's also a great way to get back into shape since she breaks down the workouts for beginners.I definitely recommend people who are interested in what Kettlebells are to buy this DVD. She's informative, has a great attitide and presense, and her outifts are super cute! I know I want to look as GREAT as she does in this video so kettlebells is the way to obtain a tight fit body~!

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: Imagine you are on vacation in Mexico or Central America. You are lucky enough to happen into a local venue with musicians so talented, it pains you that music this passionate can only be experienced in countries that are so poor. Lhasa has recorded this music and Amazon has made it available. If you relate to my description, buy this album. I have to buy it a third time, as I keep giving the album away.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Ugh. Let me start this off by saying I'm an RABID horror fan and have been for over 20 years - I love ALL types of movies, from the classics to the painfully dull bargain bin selections. I knew when this one came out in theaters, to stay FAR AWAY and not waste my money on the price of admission. A year or so later, I finally caught it on cable and figured, &quot;Oh, why not, I'll watch it.&quot; Bad choice - I lost just about 2 hours of precious time I could have spent picking out bellybutton lint or cleaning my cat's litterbox. I'm trying to locate a copy of the book, so I can read it again and see just how badly this Shirley Jackson story was ruined, as my memory of the original is quite fuzzy. All I know is that she must be rolling around in her grave, waiting for a chance to get her hands around the director's neck.What a steaming pile this movie is... since when did using CGI become the only way to get &quot;scares&quot; out of the audience? I miss the horror of the 80s, 70s, 60s and so on... back then, people actually had relatively fresh ideas (in most cases) and could execute them in a creative way. Could you imagine if the Exorcist had been done today, by someone fond of CGI? The actors wouldn't have had to spend grueling hours in a freezing cold room, with REAL breath rising like steam from their lips - the director could have had the breath drawn in digitally, like in THIS stinker, and the effect would have been absolutely ruined.Bah... ugly moaning cherubs (Same moans used over and over too! Tacky!), horrible cliches, huge old guys and a monstrously large mansion you just KNOW nobody's lived in - this movie blows. I'm gonna go watch the ORIGINAL movie from the 60's now, and I suggest you do the same. Avoid this movie... it's a serious waste of perfectly good time AND money if you rent it.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This review is NOT on the quality of the story. I love this book, however.... This edition is missing text. Whenever character reads out of a newspaper or other document, the entire txt of that newspaper or document is missing from this Kindle edition! I've no idea which version to spend the dollar on to get the complete text, but its frustating as this was my first download.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: I am a very visual person so I can sit through lots of meaningless despair as long as it photographed in beautiful settings with lots of lush costumes and fantastic architecture. This film has all of that. It helps that the cast is strong and rather attractive, too. It makes for a "good show."As for the content, well...I found the story interesting, told as it is, from the view point of the man who was deceived. First we see the splendid surface--the two wealthy couples, one American, one English, in a German spa, pre-World War I. They spend several years together, performing, as the narrator says, a "minuet." A lovely picture. Then the narrator lets us in to the story behind the story, almost as he has discovered it. From reading some of the reviews of the book, it seems that the narrator is much more befuddled than he is portrayed in the film. That may be a flaw in the translation of book to film...I don't know. As the layers of the characters peel away and we learn of the rotten-ness at the core of the apple (his words), the story intensifies, or as they used to say, "the plot thickens."My attention was held throughout, mostly by the strength of the actors and the visual splendors. The plot, itself, doesn't have much to offer modern audiences. We know about adultery, betrayal, revenge, hypocrasy. There is nothing here that illumines any of the characters, raises them up to a higher plane. No one changes, learns anything, grows, transcends his dire situation. Most of the players chose cowardly outs---three out of five chose suicide, and one descends into madness. So I wasn't left with a particularly satisfied feeling at the end.The main character, who is supposed to be the befuddled weakling, was played by the charming Robin Ellis, who I fell in love with in the tv series, "Poldark." That's probably what kept my interest--not a great reason. But he remains as befuddled at the end as he was in the beginning. So one could ask "What's the point of all this?" Perhaps Ford Maddox Ford was using this as a means to discover answers to his the riddles of his own life. Here he offers us questions but no answers.I suppose there is more value to the story if one were to read the novel, but having seen this, I don't think I'll bother. I give it four stars just for the splendid production. (It was really funny to see John Ratzenberger, Cliff Claven, the mail man in "Cheers," in a totally different setting.)

review/helpfulness: 8/13
review/text: Whether you are a newbie in science, or do research, Milloy's work is exceptionally relevant, and at the same time intensely interesting.Sadly, there seem to be very few people doing exactly what is needed in this growing area of scientific vandalism, and I applaud Milloy's courage in writing this work and others on the same or similar topic. He shows great creativity in the style and format used to write this work. It is exceptionally interesting to read, and captivates. My copy was on my office desk for exactly three days, and then without a routing list made it way through some of the science staff.I wish I had kept the statistics on this, and could plot the exact point that this work seeded an intense discussion. Perhaps a critical mass of people had been reached, and the fallout was exceptional. I suppose it will simply take more time as more and more people read, and understand the difficulties Milloy cites. It would be a shame to re-live the problems of yesteryear, and with Milloy showing the problems before they become epidemic, a double shame.Awareness if so very difficult to acquire, but Milloy does help open eyes. I would heartily recommend this book.

review/helpfulness: 18/18
review/text: My partner is a Chinese Medicine Acupuncturist and Herbalist. Her basic education took 5 years to complete. Five years later, she still takes many supplementary courses each year to continue her education. Most of her free time is spend with distance learning courses or reaching herbs. Chinese Medicine is vast and deep. A 5 year basic study is not nearly enough time to understand this medicine. In Chinese Medicine, they say even a lifetime is not long enough to understand this medicine. Thankfully for the lay person we have this book!I personally own 2 copies of this book. One I have at home, the other is in our Chinese Medicine office. Many of our patients have purchased their own copy of this book after reading our office copy.The Complete Illustrated Guide to Chinese Medicine is the best book that I have read to understand what my partner practices. I have read other books, likeThe Web That Has No Weaver : Understanding Chinese MedicineandBetween Heaven and Earth: A Guide to Chinese Medicine, although highly recommended, these 2 books are much more technical and can be overwhelming at times (especially The Web 2nd edition). After reading The Complete Illustrated Guide, if you want to learn more then these other two books are worth a read. Far and away the best dietary book on Chinese Medicine is Bob Flaw'sThe Tao of Healthy Eating: Dietary Wisdom According to Traditional Chinese Medicine. Also,The Book of Jook: Chinese Medicinal Porridges--A Healthy Alternative to the Typical Western Breakfastby Bob Flaws is a good helpful for breakfast food and as a total diet longevity practice (similar to Kitchari in Ayurveda).The Complete Illustrated Guide to Chinese Medicine provides a complete overview of all of the modalities included under the largre umbrella of Chinese Medicine. You'll learn about the medicine theory, diagnosis, energetic "anatomy", acupuncture, herbal medicine, diet, exercise, qi gong, tai chi, meditation, and lifestyle theory.The section on diet is lacking, in my opinion, however the author does state that information on diet could fill an entire book itself - which is definitely true. ReadThe Tao of Healthy Eating: Dietary Wisdom According to Traditional Chinese Medicinefor proper Chinese Medicine dietary knowledge.The sections on Qi Gong and Tai Chi are great for a general book. You'll be taught a basic sequence in each. For additional learning, Mantak Chia's books and DVDs are some of the most complete spiritual-style Qi Gong practices practices. Dr. Yang Jwing-Ming has created some of the best martial arts style Qi Gong and Tai Chi books and DVDs.The theory and science sections make up the majority of this book, providing an excellent introduction with much knowledge and no fluff. Someone interesting in attending TCM school would greatly benefit by reading this book first. You'll understand what TCM is and have good preparation for the conceptual basis of Chinese Medicine.The entire book is filled with pictures to support the information. A picture is worth 1,000 words and many times it is only through pictures that proper understanding can be attained (like meridians, tongue diagnosis, etc). The book is very well organized with section titles and concise paragraphs with subtitles. It is clear that the authors spent much time and calculation to create this book.Personally, I can't think of anything missing from this book. Although I would have liked to see another 2-4 pages on dietary theory and practice, it is not strong enough of a complaint to remove a star from my rating. This book is 5 stars all the way!Additional note:It is important to remember that Chinese Medicine is a medicine and should only be practiced by a trained professional. There is a lot that a person can do to improve health and grow spiritually without the help of a Chinese Medicine practitioner/doctor - like diet, exercise, meditation, qi gong, yoga, etc. However when it comes to deeper knowledge and practices like Acupuncture and Herbal Medicine, these are best left to the professionals. My partner is a professional Chinese Medicine Acupuncturist and Herbalist. It is common that people come into her office who are worse off after having self-treated using herbal knowledge from books, magazines, and newscasts. Taking herbs for symptom relief is not anywhere close to the Chinese Medicine herbal understanding. If you are suffering from health problems, please see a professional.After it's complete, an education in Chinese Medicine is a 5 year Ph.D. program (including both Acupuncture and Herbal Medicine). This is an entire year longer than Western Medicine. This is not to say that Chinese Medicine is superior, but rather that both studies are long and difficult. Chinese Medicine should not be looked at to be inferior to modern Western medicine. Rather both are complete forms of medicine and require much more understanding than can be gained by a single text book.The Complete Illustrated Guide to Chinese Medicine is the best place to start to better understand what Chinese Medicine is and how you can live a healthier and happier life.Was my review helpful? Please click "Yes" below.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: With the sucsses of the two Tomb raider films, 'Tomb raider' and 'Tomb raider: the cradle of life', more and more people are playing Tomb Raider. This new game has Lara Croft been suspected of a murder, 'Van von croy'. It's up to Lara to find who murdered Van von croy, but the police are always there. There are many new features to this game, eg. talking to people, sneaking around and to fight fesicly aginest people, with out using guns. I would of thought having all thsese new features would make this game brillient, I guessed wrong. With all these more powerful consals, the game shouled be brillent. To me it's mostly just the same to all the others. They have a good stroyline for once, but one day they could think of an idea to make it better. For all Tomb Raider fans play it, but new commers i wouldn't.

review/helpfulness: 0/6
review/text: I was expecting a lot more humor. Actually, the last 5 minutes is the funniest and only made me grin.

review/helpfulness: 1/14
review/text: I was depressed for a week after I finished completing this novel. The torture that the protagonist endures is just too much to digest. I can only be thankful that this terrifying vision hasn't come to fruition...yet.Oddly enough, as I was trying to finish the final 100 pages of this book, I began reading "The Partner", which also has the main character endure series of torture to get him to crack.

review/helpfulness: 14/17
review/text: This book is quite disappointing for those who are knowledgeable in this subject area. One new to the subject might find CE-VI serves as a quick (but weak)overview. In other words, Baldwin never addresses any one of the subject areas with depth. Each book chapter is only a summary of the area it addresses with a few very short case histories inserted. I would suggest all purchase &quot;Remarkable Healings: A Psychiatrist Discovers Unsuspected Roots of Mental and Physical Illness&quot; by Shakuntala Modi.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: Galsworthy gives his readers a view into the transition between the Victorian culture and the Modern through characters who seem to come alive under his masterful writing. Three generations of Forsythe tenacity keep things lively as they watch their world change. I recommend this book for people interested in Victorian/Modern culture and the historical novel. I thouroughly enjoyed this book.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: jaya-wakkasublime, noisy, creepy and bee-yoo-tee-full.oh, and it even comes with some random metaphysical theme stuff thats kinda funky as well.

review/helpfulness: 11/16
review/text: Part One. Troy remains the only challenger to the Greek domination of the seas. However, most believe that the city-state is starting to show flab and the time to end their control of the Hellespont that links the Aegean to the Black Sea is soon. When Trojan Prince Paris allegedly abducts the beautiful Helen, Greek ruler Menelaus has his excuse to take the city. Ulysses agrees to help though he believes that Helen went willingly with her lover. Thus the lengthy Trojan War has begun *(short blip in this book). This is a terrific retelling of Ulysses' Odyssey that Homer and mythological fans would appreciate, as readers tour the islands with the great champion, on his quest, as a guide.Part Two. Author David Lundberg follows much of Ulysses'' travelogue to see how much of the spirit of the great king and his peers still live in modern day Greece. Readers will enjoy the insightful tour that could stand on its own as a fine guide to the Greek islands.OLYMPIC WANDERING is an entertaining unique look at the Greek culture that will elate readers with its use of Ulysses to tell about the glorious past and tracking his trek to relate a deep look at modern Greece. Imitation being the greatest form of flatter; this reviewer expects to see similar combos of tale and a travelogue as the pairing at least by a talented writer like Mr. Lundberg makes sense while educating and entertaining.Harriet Klausner

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: I just bought this camera on 6/30/02. I love the size, it is in the midi-palm category, so it fits nice and snug in your hands. The 18x zoom is what grabbed my attention the most. I was in the market for a Sony camcorder, but decided on the Canon and glad I did.

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: It'll be hard to write this review without including spoilers, but I'll give it a shot.The main problem I had with The Gods Of Mars is its inconsistent depiction of John Carter's intelligence. Carter's supposed to be this brilliant guy, a master strategist, a think-on-his-feet kind of fella who can puzzle his way out of any dilemma, no matter how difficult. So why is it that when he is presented with something so simple as the &quot;mystery&quot; of the identity of one of the major characters, said identity being so glaringly obvious that the reader has it figured out within a paragraph of the character's introduction, it takes Carter SEVERAL CHAPTERS to figure out who this guy is?This inconsistency (not the only one, I'm afraid), isn't really all that bothersome in and of itself, but it's problematic in that it (sin of sins!) takes the reader out of the story. In a novel like The Gods Of Mars, all you've GOT is story. Anything that takes you out of it is therefore a major flaw.I still enjoyed a lot of The Gods Of Mars, and will probably read The Warlord Of Mars (the next book in the series) if for no other reason than to see how TGOM's cliffhanger ending is resolved (yes, I admit it, I wanna find out). I just hope it's an improvement upon its predecessor.

review/helpfulness: 7/11
review/text: First, I wish nobody to need the information about IBD. But, for one who needs it, the current book is not a best place to look for.Obviously, the author's attempts to explain little bit of everything worked, and almost every reader would find in the book something related to his or her case. The problem is that it is so little of information in each topic, that almost nobody would find it really helpful.The author did a pretty good job by collecting people's letters, which could help ones who need to know that they are not alone. Still, news groups, which could be easily found in the web would work much better.And the last, most important: the author is a typical example of conventional medicine approach. If you trust in convention medicine and your doctor, you don't need any book at all - your case is going to make to your doctor so much money, that he or she would be happy to provide you the details (unless of course you'll ask for the cure of the disease). And, if you want to try alternative ways, you would not find any help here, just a couple of standard words, which every conventional doctor would say to you in case you would ask.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: Firstly, let me say that I am not an expert in Latin, though I am certaintly able to read it, understand it, and also know a little about its literary techniques. One of the most grating errors I have found in this translation is the continual rhyming of its lines. Latin, being a language of often mutable word ending but even more amorphous word order, had no need to rhyme its verse, and therefore any translation, in English, that insists on rhyming for any purpose usually obfuscates the original meaning so much that it is, in of itself, a whole different poem.I have also seen the ommission of many names in the work, which I find unappealing. While I do enjoy that it is able to combine the original latin with the english translation, I would recommend searching for a similar book with a better translator: it will make the epigrams far more enjoyable.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: I purchased four pairs of these extremely light weight sleepwear silk pajamas for my everyday use. I am six feet two inchs tall. The inseam isa size 31 if you purchase size large. I wear a 34 inch inseam. I cold washed the silk pants then tried to stretch them out. No such luck. The Company needs to start carrying tall sizes for Men over six feet. I purchased another four pairs of the same silk pajama bottoms in extra large which are a 32 inch inseam. An excellent product for the money yet they are lacking the most important factor. Inseam length. If you are into the Tom Sayer look then these are the silk pajama bottoms for you.

review/helpfulness: 5/9
review/text: If you're into Crowley, you will definitley want this cd.no one does it quite like Crowley.Understand this recording was made around 1915-1920 on Thomas Edisons wax cylinder recorder.THE QUALITY IS POOR!However,ANY recording of this man is worth having.and if you've ever struggled with Enochian,hearing him saying the calls,the correct pronounciation will help you 100%[along with book Enochian sex magick]Look this aint no rock n roll,its a tool.

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: Great book for reading Psalms in our times. It uses words and phrases which make some of them very pertinent to today. If read in conjunction with reading the same verses in the Bible, it opens up new thoughts. Especially the 23rd Psalm.

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: I use mostly hotshoe speedlites - they're easy to use, portable and not terribly expensive. The problem comes when you try to do stuff with that light - most accessories for speedlites are either small/compact (and don't do much but ARE expensive) or are big and bulky (softboxes with grids, etc..)That's when I came across this one - looking for something more than just an umbrella as a light modifier, but not much more in terms of price or size, I found the Softlighter - a neat little accessory that opens/closes like an umbrella, fits into the same size bag as an umbrella, but has a diffuser panel!This is basically a reflective umbrella with spokes on the corners - you pop it open and then attach the white diffuser cover on top of the spokes, and then stick your speedlite or larger flash inside. Sounds easy, but it takes some time to get used to - I would have liked for the diffuser panel to be attached to the umbrella (while it's not too hard of a process, it takes a bit of time to get used to, especially if you're setting up/tearing down the system. Also trying to navigate it to get the flash/stand pointing inside the softlighter is a bit tricky (it uses a "sock" in the center, so you have to work the flash into fitting inside there -- this also makes it difficult to change power levels.Another problem here is getting the flash straight-on -- the sock is in the middle of the unit (where the umbrella-pole goes), and most hotshoe flashes (especially with wireless transmitters) stand 6+ inches high, which will set it off balance from the center. I fixed this by using an umbrella adapter (to hold the umbrella) with a micro ballhead on top of it (to angle the flash pointing to the center of the softlighter). Not the easiest or cheapest solution, but it works.I found the light spread to be nice from a 580EXII (and even the smaller flashes like a YN460II). I went for the 46" as I didn't thought the 60" might be a bit too large for these flashes (unless you put 2 inside the softlighter). It's a definitely change (improvement, in my opinion) over a standard umbrella - if gives a much softer light (hence the name!) -- I'm sure it uses a bit more power, but if you need this type of look, it's your best option (and doesn't cost much more than an umbrella).The bag it comes in is also very nice and folds up very compact. Another nice extra is that the umbrella shaft detaches (screws off) allowing you to get in very close without poking your subject with the pole. Note that the 7mm diameter version (used for certain larger flashes) does not detach.Also keep in mind you'll want a lightstand, umbrella adapter and hotshoe transmitter of some sort (wireless, ETTL cable, PC Sync cable, etc..) to use this. The unit only comes with the umbrella, cover and bag.

review/helpfulness: 13/14
review/text: I wasn't sure what to expect from Call of the Canyon. I've download a lot of free titles to my Kindle, assuming that most are going to be terrible. This was a pleasant surprise! Not knowing much about the author or the period in which this book was written, I eventually determined that it was likely to be written around the same time period of the story. The biggest give-away to me was the at-times lengthy social commentary, which I could have done with less of. Not that I agree nor disagree with the sentiments shared by the author, the way it was handled felt a little out of place.I will also add that I found myself skimming the lengthy descriptions of Arizona, mostly because I've never been and some of the imagery was a little hard for me to visualize. They say a picture is worth a thousand words, and I definitely feel like that applies here.Overall, it was a great love story (which I admit I am a sucker for) that was hard for me to put down, and at the end, I wished it would continue. Because of that, I've already downloaded a handful of other works by Zane Grey to read.

review/helpfulness: 10/10
review/text: Let me start off by saying that if you are an F1 fan especially a technical one(like myself) you can't pass up this book. If you do not know who Giorgio Piola is, he draws for the weekly magazine AutoSport. He is one of the best artist I have seen. His technical drawings allow you to understand the F1 cars in a technical perspective. Compared to the last edition &quot;Technical Analysis 98&quot;, this one is even better. If you don't have the 98 book you should order that one too. I do like the 99 book since it is written in english only as opposed to the 98 which is in italian and english, but thats not a problem. What will really impress you is the attention to detail of the drawings, but they are so easy to understand. Again this is a must for any F1 fan. Hope you enjoy it as much as I did.

review/helpfulness: 15/15
review/text: If you teach Introduction to Philosophy using a historical approach, this is the text I recommend. I used &quot;The Philosophic Classics 2nd edition, From Plato to Nietzsche&quot; for my classes and was looking for a text with the same basic works with some more contemporary materials. I find the updated 3rd edition, &quot;From Plato to Derrida&quot; the perfect solution. Instead of having to look through more textbooks for the right stuff, this is it.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This is a good sampling of bruce and miss nelson, but if you get into the weirder aspects of them like me, you'll want to hear the original records or tapes because the &quot;deep album cuts&quot; (hehe deep childrens' cuts) are full of all kind of weird bits both thematically and musically. You can actually still get the original tapes--I did--from miss nelson herself at www.grannypress.com, after discovering their www on...actually, this very record. I was thrilled to be able to get the tapes, although they are a little edited with some substitutions or alternate takes of songs on the LPs. The only place you can find the LPs is all scratched up in public libraries lol--that's where I first heard &quot; The Electronic Record for Children,&quot; which got me goin' on Bruce. Bellingham Public Library. If you really want to hear the genius of Bruce Haack goin wild and minus the childrens' act, I very highly recommend you get &quot;electric lucifer book 2.&quot; Its an beautiful, amazing peice of electronica, recorded in 1978. EL 1 was released in 1970 i think, and is good also, but has a little too much hippy-dippiness0. Bruce is beautiful on el2. Its available on CD only. I guess there's also a couple of recorded but as-yet not released records out there, like &quot;Skullastic&quot; and &quot;electric lucifer 3 --identified flying object&quot; [!!!!!] We can only hope to ever get to hear those. EL2 remained unreleased until just a few years ago itself. Bruce died fairly young at about 60, just two years before I first heard him.

review/helpfulness: 8/21
review/text: I really wanted to like this movie but The Descent was a huge predictable bore snorefest. We have six women unknowingly going off into uncharted caves thanks to their egotistic leader who decides the map book isn't necessary. Throw in the predictable rockslide which traps them inside a cave infested with half human blood thirsty creatures and we watch as the women get devoured. However, before this happens we have to sit through a good 40 minutes of character development and cheap scares. BOO! Someone jumps out at someone else and laughs. BAM! A swarm of bats rush out of a cave. BOING! A pipe bursts through a window, skewering someone but wait they wake up and it's just a dream. The soundtrack was annoying and absolutely inappropriate, rising string sections and orchestrations do not set a creepy or scary mood and the tragic accident in the beginning really had nothing to do with the overall story. It was a cheap way to throw in some blood and set up the fact that one character was sleeping with the others husband (which explains what she does in the end) but was it necessary? No, and don't worry this little snippet of information does not ruin the movie in anyway, shape or form. It succeeds in doing that on its own. The Descent is rife with clich&eacute;s (I saw the end coming a mile away), inconsistencies and improbabilities. My friend I saw this with jumped at every canned scare as I laughed and shook my head. The gore is good for those gorehounds out there but overall the entire film falls flat on its hopeful face. Checkout out the website for the real ending used in Europe which was cut out for the American release because we like our happy endings, don't we? Run, don't walk, as far away from this movie as you can, save your 10 bucks and wait for it come out on DVD

review/helpfulness: 2/8
review/text: I have just finished reading this story, which was the very first Philo Vance mystery for me to encounter. The book was full of dull and rather pointless (at least to the plot of the story) information about Chinese ceramics and dog breeding. Vance's ramblings made it very difficult for me to get into the book, and I found myself sympathizing with Marcum and others when they were fuming over his endless and dull speeches. But I persevered and kept on reading, sure that all this would pay off to a wonderfully clever ending. And I do admit, that trick with the door lock was wonderful! But other than that, the ending was unsatisfactory and disappointing. I do not wish to spoil the story, but what happened to the dead body after it had been initially attacked? Oh, come on! I know that it could actually happen, but please, to bring that unusual an element into the conlusion of a mystery is just plain anticlimactic, though I understand the author's intention of surprising his readers.Overall, the events of the story are not very well arranged, and although the events do come together at the end, it was not in a very satisfactory manner. Other than the ingenius door lock trick, the story was not really worth the time I spent in reading it.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: mr. holmes was one of the masters of the hammond b-3 as this set attests. he melded the blues and jazz together in an endlessly swinging atmosphere, one that can't help but make you get off your seat and shake your behind! this album captures him in full roar toward the end of his life in 1988. &quot;blues all day long&quot; gets things off to a great start, setting the tone for the entire date. this is a soulful blues, best heard late in the evening when things are settling into a pleasant groove. &quot;killer joe&quot; shows mr. holmes could also handle funk/r-n-b. finally, &quot;groove's groove&quot; reveals just how much swing an organ can have. mr. holmes may never have gotten as much recognition as other b-3 masters like jimmy smith, jack mcduff, lonnie liston smith, or even shirley scott, but he certainly belongs in their ranks. if you can find them, his recordings for the pacific jazz label are also worth finding.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Entertaining and they didn't add "extra" stuff, but a lot of details & characters are missing. I let my students watch selections from this film before reading The Odyssey. It was an effective motivation tool: Students put faces to characters when we read the real thing, had an idea where the story was "going," and it was neat when they noticed the differences.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Recently, Catherine Orenstein authored a book about Little Red Riding Hood through the ages, titled 'Little Red Riding Hood Uncloaked', studying the tale's influence in popular culture and vice versa. The book made great armchair reading for anyone slightly interested in the subject.Now Alessandro Levorato has published a more scholarly study of the famous fairy tale in 12 versions published over the past 300 years. She takes the seldom used linguistics approach to studying the tale, breaking down each tale into word choices and meanings, as well as other nuances of grammar and language usage. This is not easy reading, but it is meaningful. Levorato's study is divided into six main sections with a final section summarizing the conclusions drawn from the entire study. The texts of the twelve versions show how society has changed, especially concerning gender issues. The book is recommended for anyone interested in any of the primary subjects of fairy tales, linguistics, or gender issues in literature. It should be made available in any reputable university library, too.For anyone wondering which versions of the tale are analyzed, here is a list of the authors and titles:1. Oral version: 'The Story of Grandmother' (l5th-l6th c., French)2. J. Perrault: 'Little Red Riding Hood' (1697, French)3. Brothers Grimm: 'Little Red Cap' (1812, German)4. Sabine Baring Gould: 'Little Red Riding Hood' (1895, British)5. James Thurber: 'The Little Girl and the Wolf' (1939, American)6. Catherine Storr: 'Little Polly Riding Hood' (1955, British)7. Merseyside Fairy Story Collective: 'Red Riding Hood' (1972, British)8. O.F. Gmelin: 'Little Red Cap' (1978, German)9. Angela Carter: 'The Werewolf' (1979, British)10. Angela Carter: 'The Company of Wolves' (1979, British)11. Chiang Mi: 'Goldflower and the Bear' (1979, Chinese)12. Roald Dahl: 'Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf' (1982, British)

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: After years of listening to and performing blues, folk, and maritime (Celtic) music, I've recently fallen for Bluegrass in a big way. Since then, I've learned a few things about it: 1) it's deceptively hard to play, 2) it's as pure an art form as any other, yet flourishes when exposed to new influences, and 3) those who are really good at it inconspicuously turn-up everywhere.I've never been a Dolly fan, but given this CD's title and the good things I'd heard about it, I gave it a try. Guess what? Dolly knows all of this stuff, too! The music on &quot;The Grass Is Blue&quot; is overall quite traditional, yet the first cut is a Billy Joel tune! The band is a dream-team by any definition (including Jerry Douglas and Sam Bush), and the &quot;incidental&quot; musicians are equally pedigreed, including Alison Krauss, and Dan Tyminsky, among others. This is a combination that can't miss, yet Dolly by no means takes a back-seat; her peerless voice, power, and infectious charm shine through in every song, even the sad ones. To top it all off, the production is crystal-clear and flawless.Even if you're not a big fan, this one is must-have for your collection. Well worth the money!

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: This book is structured such that on all the even pages there are a short pithy quotes that summarize the textaul body of the book on the odd pages. The book is written in the style of a manual so that you can dip into it at any point with no need to refer to material that came before.The basic thesis of the book is if you want to enjoy life you have to place one hand on the tiller and steer yourself towards the people, places and things that you like. A way to chart your course is taken from Alan Lakein's "How to get control of time and your life", which is an excellent book. Strategies for dealing with misteps are also covered.The author tries overtly to avoid religion, but a slight Christian undertone runs through the book, probably unintentionally because of the author's and those he quotes cutltural background.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: This game was great because it was so different!Thie game wasn't fun b/c of it's gameplay, it was fun b/c you played to find out what would happen next... it was the most 'mysterious' game I played at that time.It kind of had that Zelda feel to it.In Zelda, you could 'really' be on level 1 but you could go to level 2 if you want to snag the special weapon out of it... stuff like that.You could do that with this game but from a different perspective.In Rygar, you had no idea what was level 1 or 2, you kind of fell into everything.. pretty cool.The weapons were really cool and you needed some to get to certain places in the game.Total classic... I'm almost considering buying an XBOX to get the Tecmo Classics Collection (it has TECMO BOWL also!!!).

review/helpfulness: 1/11
review/text: I am not a fan of Melanie Griffith at all, in fact, the only film I really like her in is &quot;Working Girl&quot;. It's not that she is a terrible actress. She is just annoying. So why did I waste over 2 hours of my time watching this movie? I am now asking myself the same thing. I wasn't sure if this movie was supposed to be a comedy. If it was, it wasn't even funny. Griffith, plays Lucille, a woman who is beaten by her husband. She kills him and cuts his head off...Why? I have no idea. Maybe she's crazy? She then decides to leave her 7 children in the hands of her mother so she can go out to Hollywood and live out her dream of becoming a glamerous actress. She takes the head of her husband along for the ride...why not? Nothing else makes sense so far so why not make less sense. This film is just a mishmash of nonsense. She wins a lot of money in Las Vegas right before she gets to California. She eventually gets her big break...She is on t.v. Then, she gets caught..eventually all criminals do. I don't know what the ending of this movie is all about...She goes free? when she was sentenced to a term in prison? Maybe the book is better, I hope so, cuz this was a boring movie. I watched it on cable....thank god i waited that long.The only bright spot was Lucas Black, the boy from Sling Blade. He is one of the best child actors right now. I hope to see more of him in films. He is very charming. I personally wouldn't recommend this film.

review/helpfulness: 8/9
review/text: Once in a while an album comes along where not only can u enjoy it from front 2 back, but in the process, it touches your soul. A body of work so powerful and true 2 itself that it affects your current perception on what quality music should be and sets a standard 4 artistry that just can't be duplicated. Musiq's latest effort (or should I say, "accomplishment") is a collection of 15 separate moments in soul in which he bends his tradition of soulful sounds without breaking it. "Soulstar" is what u get if u put Aijuswannseing and Juslisen in a blender with fried chicken, sweet potatoes, collard greens, biscuits, candied yams and catfish. That's just how much soul this album delivers.The 1st song that may grab your attention, if not 4 it's sheer creativity but it's captivating lyrics is "womanopoly". It's the story of a young, ambitious sista moving on up 2 Park Place while trying 2 avoid "Chance" and hold on to a share of the "Community Chest" while attempting 2 avoid all the pitfalls in this sometimes cruel game of life.On the beautiful ballad "whoknows", Musiq embraces the vulnerability and uncertainty that accompanies the start of a new relationship as well as the infinite possibilities of one."Thereason" is an introspective look back on his ongoing relationship with his first love that is music and challenges the listeners 2 see that he's actually singing 2 music...not a woman which is typically the 1st thought.On "babymother", Musiq bluntly travels down the road of unplanned and unexpected parenthood and the decisions, fear and confusion that many can relate 2 that come along 4 the ride.Soulstar is not simply just an album. It's an experience. It's a journey through soul with stops @ funk, jazz and rhythm and blues along the way.Although it was a late entry among a ton of other quality albums released in 2003, without confining it 2 any specific genre, Soulstar gets my vote 4 album of the year and I'm sure his light will continue 2 shine on the world.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: Well-developed leads, adorable baby, quirky characters and a sweet secondary romance...what more could one ask for in a good contemporary romance. I read this book in one sitting, it's that good. After a previous marriage that lasted less than a year, Annie went through a series of life changing decisions, partly with the help of her grandfather who speaks to her through billboard ads. Jake, on the other hand, is stuck in a rut after his wife died two years ago. When he began receiving letters from a fertility clinic thanking him for his &quot;contribution&quot; and offering to pay him for more &quot;contributions,&quot; he began to investigate. He found out that his sperm sample, which was actually meant for his wife before she died, had been &quot;deposited&quot; elsewhere, because of an unscrupulous doctor. And so the journey begins, to find a child he never knew he had....and along the way he discovers the child's mother who reads tea leaves, sells paca poop (paca poop comes from alpacas which are like llamas) and paints her toe nails in rainbow order.Baby, Oh, Baby is a lovely tale of finding new love and rediscovering passion. I'd recommend this book to anyone who loves a good contemporary romance - because that's what it is. A very good book. Robin Wells is one to watch.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: The DVD's are a great addition and compliment to the book. This would be wonderful for any cook from novice to expert.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: For the most part, I agree with the previous reviewer, but I'd like to underscore just how wonderful the orchestral parts are: the brief "overtures" (they are not listed as such) reveal two distinct approaches, that of orchestral playing and that of music to support the singing. The first part, sounding rather late-romantic, is superlative; the second part, more contemporary, has its ups an downs. The same can be said for the interpretation: the orchestra and the conducting are a joy; the singing varies. Baritone Richard Haan is particularly annoying and heavy-accented, and manages to deny us quite a bit of the pleasure that the two "ditties" he is assigned could provide, but others range from decent to excellent.It is strange, to say the least, that this opera hasn't entered the standard rep of any American opera house (I don't know if it has done so in Europe); it would fit perfectly in the canon that comprises Hansel and Gretel and Ravel's "L'Enfant et les Sortileges". Sung by the finest singers at the Met in New York, it could be a major success; I'll keep hoping for that great recording. In the meantime, especially considering the low price, I can't recommend this enough.

review/helpfulness: 29/30
review/text: This book reads like a blue print for medicine ball works as it pertains to developing speed and strength. The exercises presented are the foundation of such work and hence are valuable to the beginner. Those looking for more advanced exercises and techniques will probably be disappointed. Conclusion: great for the beginner.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: I saw the original movie made in 1963 and it was wonderful. I was very anxious for this remake to come out and man was I disappointed!! It was horrible!

review/helpfulness: 18/23
review/text: This is the Japanese release of Pacifique, a soundtrack done for a French film. This CD contains a bonus track, &quot;Huahine Reggae part 2&quot;, as well as a bonus multimedia feature. It is missing one track that's on the French release, &quot;La l&eacute;gende part 1&quot; - 0:46. A must-have for Deep Forest collectors.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Cynical and cold story about a 'Benefactor', who creates together with his lackeys a state of totally depersonalized citizens: conscience is a disease, cruelty is a sign of love, without liberty no crimes can be committed, sex is planned ...The precursor of George Orwell's '1984' and, more, of Aldous Huxley's 'Brave New World', for the novel lacks the 'human' touch of '1984'. It remains more or less abstract, although it contains scenes worth a Bunuel.A book to recommend.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: For all of those who didn't like this soundtrack or who didn't give it a full five stars for its quality, I'm writing this review. Let me just say that a true lover of &quot;classical&quot; or movie music should truly enjoy this soundtrack all by itself; and for those who are not only among that order but who've had these tunes running in their head for years ever since they first played the game itself, this is a must-have item. Upon first hearing the orchestral versions of these songs via Napster MP3, I was blown away: Those beautiful layers of mellow strings and dazzling piano and every other orchestral instrument make it all worthwhile. It's simply a more refined and mature interpretation of the music that's just fantastic to hear. One might say it's almost like turning your favorite pop into a beautifully blended wine. My one favorite song had originally been the Aria, but sadly, the reworked &quot;Kefka&quot; was just plain gorgeous; the two are now in close competition. I only wish the lot of you could preview the music on the website through RealAudio to judge for yourself more precisely. Apparently, it's not popular enough for that! Needless to say, get this soundtrack if you don't have it already: it's worth it.

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: Great book on how to raise confident, happy and responsible children. The cover has a baby on it but it really is for children through the teenage years.

review/helpfulness: 0/9
review/text: I bought this movie to watch with my Thai girlfriend and did not get teh chance. She told me kn the phone she was watching it.She seemed to Enjoy it overall. When is howed this one and 1-2 to her she said its not for her. She lieks scary movies but this one did not apeal to her.Well she did watch it and enjoyed it. I wont get to watch it untill Aug. But i am looking forward to it.I gave the 3 star because i have not seen it. I would have givin it a 1 or a 2. It was moved to a three because of my girl friends opinon. First she said not for her than she said good movie. So it changed her mind.I am looking forward to it though

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: I found Lhasa's &quot;La Llorona&quot; CD in a little shop in Toronto, Canada. At first the music seem dissonant, it had the make-up of music I knew from my childhood but yet it sounded like nothing I had ever heard before. It took me a while to train my ear to the melody but once I did.......oh, what sounds.I like to sit in the dark, to hear it on rainy days, to appreciate it when I'm not rushed. Then it brings a recollection of past memories, of lived lives. It is as if Lhasa was singing to my inner-self and releasing someting......the world!She sings with the soul of someone who has been searching the world over for love, truth, beauty, peace....&quot;Por que el alma prende fuego cuando deja de amar&quot; (because the soul sets itself on fire when it ceases to love).I hope you enjoy Lhasa's music, mysterious music as much as I have.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: How great to see these old shows again! Watched this show when I was a little girl so this brings back memories. A fun set to add to your collection.

review/helpfulness: 9/18
review/text: Transformers: Dark of the Moon is a movie I regret having purchased. It is an empty, heartless film; to watch it is to devalue your life a little.Director Michael Bay has made only two good films: The Rock and Armageddon (the latter is a guilty pleasure of mine). His latest, this horrible (and third, if you can believe it) Transformers movie, is his worst film ever.Bay simply does not work well with CGI, and especially during action sequences. I am reminded of The Rock, and the expertly-directed car chase scene. The explosions, the shattered glass panes, and the upturned trolley were all practical effects. They were executed during the shooting of the film, not added in afterwards by an overpaid visual animation nerd.Bay's quick cutting works well in his aforementioned two other films. However, in this latest Transformers movie, the cuts provide only confusion and an unwelcome sense of unwieldiness.As for the acting, well, there is none. The good guys are all good and the bad guys all bad. I felt nothing but shame for serious actors like John Malkovich, Frances McDormand, and John Turturro. We all need a paycheck, but to stoop this low is reprehensible.The other characters--the main characters--are irrelevant. They basically yell and scream much of the time. Oh, and Shia LaBouf's character's girlfriend (Rosie Huntington-Whitely) sure is smoking hot.But there's no emotional connection between any of these characters. Bay's attempt at making me give a damn about "Bumblebee" or "Optimus Prime" fell flat, to say the very least. I do not have feelings for a car that turns into a giant, ugly warrior robot. Call me crazy.Transformers: Dark of the Moon amounts to 154 minutes of pure, unadulterated vapidity. Life is short, people; to waste two and a half hours of your existence on a film like this is a crime.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This Kingston memory isn't recognized by my computer which is only about a year and a half old. I went and used SimpleTech memory instead which works just fine. I would not recommend this product.

review/helpfulness: 12/12
review/text: This DVD is a compilation of short excerpts from Christmas themed Veggietales videos. Some of the "songs" aren't even complete songs, just a portion of another video that has singing. A lot of cutting and pasting different scenes together to make a "complete" song. Not sure how 30 seconds of a musical number can be called a song. Portions seem to simply cut off in mid sentence. There are no traditional Christmas songs so its only a "sing-a-long" if your kids are familiar with the previously released Veggietales Christmas videos. My daughter loves the traditional Veggietales videos but lost interest in this within minutes. The very end of the DVD has 3 traditional Christmas songs that simply play the music and scroll the words across the screen karaoke style with a still background. Disappointed in this product from Veggietales.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: I tried these Jobst 15-20 mmHg pantyhose in my search for high quality therapeutic support pantyhose for a severe circulation problem in one of my legs. I did find them a little difficult to put on, but once they were on they stayed in place nicely and provided great support.The only problem I had was, like the other review stated...they ran the second time I wore them. For as expensive as these pantyhose are, they should last longer than 2 wearings.They are not too sheer, if that is something you are looking for in support hose. They look more like tights when they are on your legs. I did find the beige shade to be a little more like a pale nude shade.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: CASUALTIES OF WAR(USA - 1989)Aspect ratio: 2.39:1 (Panavision)Theatrical soundtrack: 6-track Dolby StereoDuring a routine field trip at the height of the Vietnam War, a young soldier (Michael J. Fox) rebels against his commanding officer (Sean Penn) and other members of his patrol when they kidnap a defenceless Vietnamese girl (Thuy Thu Le) and subject her to a terrifying physical ordeal.Unfairly overshadowed by the simultaneous theatrical release of Oliver Stone's pompous (but still impressive) BORN ON THE FOURTH OF JULY (1989), Brian DePalma's CASUALTIES OF WAR recreates a harrowing incident from the Vietnam conflict - first reported in 'New Yorker' magazine in 1969 - in which a group of otherwise decent men succumbed to their own worst impulses and committed a terrible crime. Filmed with typical cinematic bravado by master craftsman DePalma, the movie uses every inch of the scope frame to convey both the duality of the landscape (vast swathes of breathtaking countryside, where sudden death lurks around every corner) and the moral vacuum which stretches the two central characters (Fox and Penn) to breaking point.Crafted with blistering simplicity by screenwriter David Rabe (himself a Vietnam veteran and author of the acclaimed stageplay 'Streamers'), the soldiers are depicted as brave individuals whose principles have been shattered by their traumatic combat experiences, leaving Fox to essay the role of peacemaker in a world where all the rules have been turned upside down. Thu Le - a model with no prior acting experience - is truly heartbreaking as the soldiers' terrified prisoner, and her ultimate fate is so horrific (arguably the most disturbing set-piece of this director's entire career), many viewers will be too appalled to see the film through to its inevitable conclusion. All in all, this uncompromising gaze into the abyss of human depravity packs a tremendous emotional wallop, and emerges as one of DePalma's strongest films to date.

review/helpfulness: 9/10
review/text: If only more games had scores released like this. The music in Ocarina of Time isn't necessarily the best of its kind, but it's still very well done. I don't really need to review the music, do I? If you've played the game then you know exactly what you're getting there. It's the packaging of this CD that is terribly impressive. It's well-tooled and feels like a genuine novelty of Zelda products with full color pictures in the insert, Japanse and English track titles, a GOLD CD (ahhh, reminscent of the NES Legend of Zelda gold cartridge) with a simple elegant white print on top, a map of Hyrule in the case behind the CD, and some sort of sticker that I can't bring myself to place somewhere (and let it get ruined? no way!). Lastly, the audible contents are extremely complete with not only in-game music, but the &quot;item sounds&quot; and such. The things you hear when you get an item, defeat a boss, etc.Bottom line, this CD is a great item for game/score fans and any sort of collector. It gives you a simple feeling of pleasure at just having possessed such a thing ... like when buying a video game actually meant something more than a few hours of fun. Okay, so maybe part of the fun with this is nostalgia, because it reminds me of the old Zelda's as much as the new!

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: This long-lasting aromatherapy hot/cold pack will literally last for 10 years or more. The investment in your health and comfort level is well worth the price. The polar fleece cover makes this warm and cozy, while the black cloth on the other side makes this pack radiate cold better when the pack is put in the freezer. So, you can use this in the winter or summer or anytime heat/cold is needed.To heat, put in the microwave for 2 to 3 minutes. To cool, keep in freezer until needed. You may want to put this in a plastic bag first if storing in the freezer.Over the years, the aromatic spices and herbs seem to retain their scent and the rice never seems to dry out, which is quite amazing.Ingredients: Rice, cinnamon, cloves, allspice and black pepper.This truly will relax tense shoulders when heated in the microwave. Can also be used on lower back if you are laying in bed on your side because of the shape of the product.~The Rebecca Review

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: The Kindle edition of this great book is not well formatted, and is thus physically difficult to read. Line breaks appear in the middle of words, not always divided by syllable or in a way that would meet the approval of any author of a manual of style.Having only paid 99 cents for this tome, I can only comment that I suppose I got what I paid for.

review/helpfulness: 6/11
review/text: I was excited with the release of the new movie but very disappointed with the soundtrack CD. Keeping the kids attention beyond the 3rd track just doesn't cut it. I like the instrumental tracks personally but this should have cut and released as CD-Single containing the 3 voice selections.

review/helpfulness: 9/17
review/text: A co-worker gave this book to me. He was more of a fan than I, but Whitman grew on me, and over the next several months, I learned to appreciate his work.However, I left this book above my toilet and was disturbed that a relative of mine snooped through it while taking a dump, discovering secrets that this co-worker and I had together. I now regret ever having read this silly book and am planning on burning it.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: A disappointing movie: clich&eacute;-ridden directing, cardboard scenery, and acting that I feel is now dated, despite the presence of the great Ian Richardson and a young Martin Shaw. The low point IMO is Ian Cuthbertson, all too often featured in those days, for whom acting solely means raging and shouting with rrrolling eyes and a rrrolling 'r'.

review/helpfulness: 8/24
review/text: Daniel Day Lewis as a Prague doctor, hoping for a little afternoon pleasure while on a medical trip, hits upon and scores with Juliette Binoche, but drives off, rudely, in his sports car, when his afternoon delight reveals she lives with her mother. End of story, until she shows up at his door in Prague to continue the conversation. Great opening, but soon I couldn't help but wonder why these two oddball Berlin Wall era ambiguous revolutionaries are so madly in love with each other. We are told that repeatedly, and a marriage union locks the deal, but they seem about as chemically inclined towards one another as a bland peanut butter and jelly sandwich; there for the sake of being. But they are, apparently, the Scarlet and Rhett of the fall of The Soviet Empire, helplessly involved in a Cold War deadlock with Russians who are revealed as typically sitting at a long table in a bar, kicking back vodkas, and behaving like Boris and Natasha from The Bullwinkle cartoons. Come on, really? Lena Olin's nude exhibition with a tophat was a pretentious symbol of democratic freedom, and the potboiler romance and revolution is forever on a low simmer, when it needs to be boiling over. If the film would have stopped when Juliette Binoche shows up unexpectedly at Daniel Day Lewis's door, and they made wild rebellious graphic sex defying all conventions for the duration of the film, (no top hats please, that is SO Al Pacino 'Cruising'), this cold war wouldn't have been so frigid.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I have owned this album for close to 3 years and it is one that truly fills your senses.. Wendy's powerful voice sings to your soul, and takes your on journeys.. only dreamt of. I personally highly recommend this album to those who can appreciate the words of a lady dedicated to the Goddess, and wish to be carried to that place between worlds through the power of her voice and music.I love every song, but Deity, Full Moon in Scorpio and Open My Senses, are 3 very special pieces to me... thank you Wendy

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: If you have ever wondered what your life would have been like if you'd chosen another path, this is the book for you. Standing Still is an engaging roller coaster ride of emotions, certain to leave you wanting more. Flash backs, and current time scenarios give you deep insight into the heroines feelings of confusion, and a true understanding of the importance of closure when moving on in one's life. Poingent and touching, you will not be disappointed by this read from a fresh, new author taking the literary industry by storm.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This is the second time I have bought this jacket. I wore the first one out! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman. I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size. This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I think that "A Philadelphia Catholic in King James' Court" was a entertaining and educational book. The book is about a boy named Michael who moves to Kentucky after his father dies. In Kentucky he is astounded to see so many fundamentalists, where in Philadelphia he had seen so many Catholics like himself. While living in Kentucky, Michael learns many things about the Fundamentalist Christians, as well as his own religion, Catholicism. His Uncle continually challenges Michael about his religion and tries to convert him to a Fundamentalist. This book was very interesting and worth the while. This was one of the best apologetics novels I've ever read.

review/helpfulness: 9/11
review/text: Michael Barone is the co-creator (with Grant Ujifusa) of the Almanac of American Politics, itself an almost inexhaustible well of the curious and (sometimes) interesting. Our Country is an effort to put the same sensibility to work in a narrative history. Barone has absorbed a lot and forgotten little, and he likes to remind the reader of things others are more likely to forget. Civil rights, for example. One wing of the Republican party had its roots planted firmly in the abolitionist movement, dating back to before the Civil War. You could call it &quot;the Eisenhower wing,&quot; if you were clear that it did not include Eisenhower. As general, and later as president, it seems fair to say that Eisenhower just didn't get it - not so much hostility to blacks as a kind of blank incomprehension - why weren't they willing to keep the place (one is tempted to make comparisons with General Sherman). Lyndon Johnson, by contrast, is one who emphatically did get it. Vulnerable and insecure as he always saw himself, Johnson was able to show real empathy for the plight of American Blacks. So we have the kind of irony so familiar in politics - the soldier-statesman who didn't get it, imposing a civil rights bill on Congress against the best efforts of the cracker politician who did.Barone obviously relishes the irony there, but he likes the story in particular because of an even more consistent enthusiasm. That is: he is fascinated by the hard work of governing, which he comes close to glamorizing in its very unglamorousness. You can see it perhaps best in his appreciative account of a man who he nominates as a forgotten progenitor of modern social legislation - Robert Wagner, the senator and father, inter alia, of the Wagner Labor Relations Act. Without Wagner, as Barone tells it, the New Deal's legislative agenda would have been a lot more insipid. It perhaps explains also his affection for Hubert Humphrey - a name perhaps mostly forgotten today, or remembered if at all only in the sour aftertaste of the 1968 presidential election, which he lost to Richard Nixon.What perhaps gives zest to Barone's account is that for all his skill as a data-miner, he believes at the end that politics is culture and not economics that divides us or draws us together. It impels him to insist that there is a society more important than its contentions and divisions, more than the sum of its parts - in some sense, a res publica, or (back to Barone's title here) &quot;Our Country.&quot; Only one afterthought: this is another book that cries out for an new edition.

review/helpfulness: 1/4
review/text: they are not up to the mark i can get them cheaper in china town with more quality any way its cheap

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I truly enjoyed this book and couldn't put it down until I finished it. I was sorry it ended and I hope Garwood writes a sequel -- possibly with Ramsey as the main character. The relationship between Brodick and Gillian is so touching and I also enjoyed the love that little Alec had for Gillian. This is a definite keeper and I will probably read it again in a few months.

review/helpfulness: 9/9
review/text: An excellent work on one town's experience in the Holocaust. It contains an excellent array of documents from the time, hidden at great risk by the inhabitants. This book should dissuade any reader of the notion that the Jews of Europe did not fight back.

review/helpfulness: 0/4
review/text: Did you know tht Mel Gibson was born in New York? True story.

review/helpfulness: 0/7
review/text: Nice story about a traveling handyman who is befriended by some German-speaking nuns. My favorite scene shows Sidney Poitier teaching the Nuns the spiritual "Amen."

review/helpfulness: 1/6
review/text: Who gave this guy a music contract? This song is so terrible and overplayed. Plus the guy can't sing he sounds like he is whining. Stay away from this song!!

review/helpfulness: 2/20
review/text: If you like thumping, loud, monotonous music, you may like this film better than I did. With all the hungry, talented musicians in the world, I would think this film maker could have found one that could provide decent music.Although I liked Potente in other films, it was difficult for me to find the characters interesting. Maybe I could forgive Lola for being in love, but her boyfriend seemed worthless.Yes, this film showed various futures that could have arisen from a single starting point. That is a good idea for a film, but I just think, in spite of the attempts at originality, the result did not bear fruit. For a more intelligent film about the possibilities arising from a situation, I think Rashomon would be a better way to spend your time.

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: This book is poorly organized and missing essential information. You would be better off with the open source doc, and much better off with another book. I downloaded the book files and got the first set of classes running . Then I made the tiny changes suggested in Chapter 2 and went to my first servlet compile. PROBLEM 1: what and where is the jar necessary to compile? Couldn't find the info in the book, so I did a text search from the Tomcat root on the superclass the compiler was looking for. Aha, .../common/lib/servlet.jar. Then I made the suggested textual change to the JSP file. PROBLEM 2: I made a hard-to-see typo on that one, and learned what a JSP exception looked like. The book didn't cover that eventuality, so back to the web. Searching news groups told me that this was the most common JSP exception, and my installation might be faulty. So I dove into the exception printout, which is pretty opaque, and figured out my mistake. PROBLEM 3: the book says you can use a compressed war file if you &quot;add a new Context entry in ... referencing the apress Web application.&quot; This is not a trivial task and the book gives no other help. After a few hours (!) of online searching and experimenting, I discovered this: 1. No one explains what should go in the &quot;Config URL&quot; slot in the &quot;live&quot; Manager install page in Tomcat 4. 2. If you go the &lt;Context&gt; route in server.xml, the error log in .../logs will probably have all the info you need about what went wrong. Book doesn't say a word about checking this if you run into trouble, but it is the FIRST place to look (OK, I was working tired). Tomcat is actually easier to use than this book.I skimmed the rest of the book after this, then put it down forever. I went out and bought Marty Hall's &quot;More Servlets and JavaServer Pages&quot;, and I think you should too.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: originally i would give this horrible dipiction of The Odyssey 1 star, but because of one of the last scenes where ugly t(telemachus) threw two spears at once, i give it two stars. Everything was horrible to my opinion. The accents kept changing everything. If you read the book before you watched the movie, you would thinkt hat this was all a joke. So if anything just read the book by itself. So two stars for two stars thrown by ugly T

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: i'm so very happy that i've got this movie now. i saw it when i was little, i liked it, and even now i always remembered it and wanted to get it. i know that it doesn't go exactly like the games do, but that doesn't matter to me. there's times when they can't make movies/shows based off of games or books the way they should be, so i'm ok with this. Yoshi did look weird *even back then i thought he looked weird* but hey, it was still funny.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: First off, let me state that I am so glad I am in far into college now. Luckily, I was in 4th grade at the right time I bought this from one of those Scholastic order sheets (remember those?), almost ten years ago before special interest groups got on the &quot;ban everything we deem offensive or intelligent to children&quot; bandwagon.Anyways, I recently found this book in a box of old books and, looking through it, it was just as chilling to the spine now as it was around 8 or so years ago when I was a wee lad. Of course, now I'm 19 and the stories seem sort of not so scary, but that's just my picky-eating with dark literature (being more accustomed to Lovecraft and more sophisticated horror and all that).However, the charcoal drawings are what make this book what it is. Stephen Gammell (does he have an online gallery or a book full of illustrations like this? i'm soon checking!) has done an excellent job at creating immensly subtly-disturbing visuals with his illustration skills that seems to amplify the effect of the otherwise cheesy (but still fun) bonfire horror stories.If the stories don't scare the bejesus out of you, the ghostly apparitions and deformed nightmarish landscapes portrayed within the illustrations will definately make you want to buy several halogen lamps and keep them turned on at night with perhaps a garlic necklace around you when you go to sleep.If I recall, the scariest illustration was a full-page charcoal drawing next to a story called &quot;Oh, Suzannah!&quot;, almost like something weird going on in a parallel supernatural dimension from some mental patient's hallucinatory nightmare.Either way, this book has redeeming qualities for both folk/urban literature enthusiasts as well as dark-fantasy-art enthusiasts. I heavily recommend it!

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: You can't beat this card for the price. Similar netgear and US Robotics products locked up my computer on a daily basis and they cost more than this one. This card works as advertised at half the cost of the big name brands and it supports all of the latest network security technology.

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: I decided to read "Island" because i enjoyed "Brave New World" so much. Well the former is really horrible compared to the latter. It's pretty boring, the plot doesn't make much sense and the main character's ideas are often all over the place.While certain parts of this story are interesting, in it's entirety, i would have to give it two thumbs down :(

review/helpfulness: 7/8
review/text: In Understanding August Wilson Professor Bogumil covers six of his plays: Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, Fences, Joe Turner's Come and Gone, The Piano Lesson, Two Trains Running, and Seven Guitars. The book opens with a chapter on August Wilson as an African American playwrite that talks about his life as well as what sets his plays apart from thos of other African American playwrites. Professor Bogumil ties in Wilson's plays to societal facotrs, and has crafted a very fine and scholarly work that makes August Wilson's writing more approachable and understandable to anyone from students to casual readers.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: This knife is terrible. It was cheap, so I should have been dubious about quality. Save your money for a better knife since you can easily cut yourself with this knife. It's made of cheap plastic and soft metal parts, so don't count on the blade locking properly. It's an insult to even have a fire fighter logo. Don't make the same mistake in buying this poorly constructed tool.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Due to the recently released Doom 3 and the upcoming Everquest 2, I bought this card for my latest computer build.Backed with 1GB PC3200 RAM and an Athlon 64 3200+ processor, this card rips though Doom 3 with all the effects on at 1024x768.THE MOST IMPORTANT THING THE BUYER NEEDS TO KNOW is that you should download and use the OMEGA DRIVERS in place of the Catalyst drivers that ATI gives you with the card (you'll need to search for them on Google, as I don't believe Amazon will allow me to post a direct link). It will save you a LOT of trouble, especially if you're planning on playing games.The Omega Drivers also add a bunch of useful tweaks that can enhance your video card. For example, RadLinker, which you can access by right clicking your desktop, going to properties &#62; settings &#62; advanced &#62; RadLinker, allows you to overclock your card with a simple slide bar. However, this card is functioning too well at it's current speed for me to risk anything/void the warranty, so I've left mine the way it is.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: Out of all the movies I have seen that were made from books, this was the most terrible one I have ever beheld. I noticed a few things, but i am not going to say ones already mentioned cuz that would just be too repetetive:---According to Homer's "The Odyssey", most of the community was either incredibly buff, or wholly attractive. None of these were represented in the movie. All of the men were like little skinny rats. Crass, pusillanimous milliners. Some of the women were nauseating! Instead of fresh and striking, most of them looked dark, and many with wrinkles and other... features.---Another minus to the movie was the special effects. If the special effects had a scent, it would smell like: the putrid odor of water running down a rusty, tin overhanging onto a moldy cement below. Or maybe smell like a school cafeteria. ~~Now you have an idea how much the "special" (a.k.a. mentally challenged) effects are like.To anybody who wants to procure this movie: read the book while being inculcated by Mr. moobetoN FIRST.Bye.P.S. Thesauruses are awe-inspiring.

review/helpfulness: 7/11
review/text: I didn't buy this from Amazon, but mine is just not useable. As others have noted, it is quite a bit larger than I expected. Also, it seems to charge, the lights come on normally, but it will not charge anything. It won't work on my iPhone thru the USB port, and the AC port won't power an external hard drive.Mine may just be defective, but since I only paid $11 for it, it's just not worth pursuing a repair or replacement to me. However, just beware that it may not provide enough power to charge anything other than basic cell phones.

review/helpfulness: 1/11
review/text: I love techno and have listened to it since it's onset in 1989 or 1990. This CD, however, has not aged well. In 1992 when this was released I tolerated it because there weren't many techno artists or CDs out there. Now I see that this CD is simply tiresome, crass garbage. Samples of Annie Lennox and Kate Bush are overused and abused and the only reason this drivel was played on the radio or in any club. I think this CD has been stuck under the backseat of my Volvo 244 since 1993. And it probably has gunk on it.

review/helpfulness: 5/7
review/text: Never before do I remember reading a book that has so moved me as did Jean M. Auel's CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR. I had always seen it, heard of it, but somehow never got around to actually sitting down and reading its pages. The decision to read CLAN OF THE CAVE BEAR was one that I could never regret. While reading it I cheered silently for Ayla, cried visibly for her, and was angry when injustices fell on her. Reading this novel was like visiting another world, allowing me to escape everyday life to live in the past. I was terribly sad when I had finished the last page, but look forward to continuing the series.In the beginning I was skeptic about the quality, but as I continued reading I found that the quality was the highest of any book I have ever read. The details were so descriptive that I could see the cave, the landscape, the people... so much that they became real to me. This novel is not only a great piece of fiction but a world all in its own. I could actually relate to the characters in the book, namely Ayla. I felt her will and determination, and most of all her willingness to sacrfice herself for anything that was important to her. Well done, Ms. Auel, you have created a superb piece of literature.

review/helpfulness: 14/17
review/text: Freud's thesis, The Interpretation of Dreams, can be summed up as follows - all dreams are the mind's subconscious effort at wish fulfillment. For some dreams this is obvious - if you eat salty foods before going to bed, you may then dream that you are drinking water. This is a simple example of you wanting something and your subconscious trying to fulfill that wish. For most dreams, quite a bit more analysis is required to undercover what exactly you are wishing for, and Freud dedicates the bulk of his book to giving examples of such analysis. Freud argues that dreams are distorted because the upper layer of the mind is trying to censor what the lower layers of the mind are wishing for - usually out of embarrassment, guilt, etc. For example, I may be envious of my friend's success, so I will dream that my friend fails, but I am also embarrassed at wishing ill will on my friend, so the dream is distorted - perhaps the activity that he fails at will be obscure, twisted, strange, etc. Freud also makes the point that all dreams have their trigger in the preceding day's events, and once triggered the dream has access to all the experiences a person has gathered during his lifetime, as long as the experiences can be linked back somehow to the trigger event. Since the mind thinks in terms of symbols, the dreams must by analyzed by trying to understand how the various symbols can be translated into wishes, or the suppression of wishes. Thus the inner layers of the mind, or the Ego (prime desires), will generate a basic wish based on the experiences of the previous day. The Super Ego (refined sense of culture, guilt, morality, consciousness, etc.) then regulates the Ego's basic wish to fit within the mind's framework of right and wrong behavior. The greater the conflict between the Ego and Super Ego, the more distorted the dream becomes. All dreams are wish fulfillment, without exception.Freud successfully makes his point within the first 75 pages of the book - the remaining 400 pages are a dry, archaic, tiresome, and in my opinion are not worth the time to read. Much of the book is dedicated to analysis of the dreams of either Freud or Freud's patients. Since Freud lived in early twentieth century Germany, the dreams described are anachronisms and for the most part are irrelevant. Also, I think a lot of meaning is lost in the translation from German to English.Bottom line, Freud successfully explains the fundamental truth on dreams, put this pioneering analysis is archaic and difficult to read by today's standards. For the layman, I would look for something more current.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Did you know that one could be sentenced to up to 5 years of prison for possessing this book in the Soviet Union? The distribution of "1984" was forbidden in Soviet Russia until 1988, until then people had been distributing the book underground, copying it by hand, translating it in secret and getting turned over to the authorities by their friends and neighbors. Because that's what communism does, it brings out the worse in people.I was born and grew up in Communist Russia, and even though I was born too late to see the ugliest side of it I still know my history and am able to draw parallels.I had the strongest feeling of D&eacute;j&agrave; vu during the 2008 presidential election in the USA, the way people swallowed the "Distribute the wealth" slogan, expecting the government to solve their problems and make everybody "equal"...it made me ill.Can't people ever learn from history?

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: Wife is a huge cage fan...This was torcher to watch....I would have given less than 1 Star if it was possible..Wish I went to the dentist instead of watching this movie... I have seen some bad movies but this one now has the honor of been the worst...

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: this is just a great movie, nothin needs to be saidjust watch the movie and you'll know whyo yeah, did i mention, its an awesome movie!

review/helpfulness: 2/7
review/text: This film is the continuation of Jean De Florette and deals with the grown daughter's(Emmanuelle Beart) revenge on the unsuspecting farmers who deceived her father. This continuation develops the original plot further. The deceitful farmers played by Yves Montand and Daniel Auteuil soon realize that they've deceived themselves as much as the innocent Jean de Florette. The theme is a complex study of human nature and is somewhat akin to Caine's dilemma, 'Am I not my brother's keeper?'The cinematography and script are excellent but I was rather disappointed in Emmanuelle Beart's performance. She's the weakest actor in this film and, because she's unfortunately also the central character, her inept skills have a significant impact on the film altogether. Her acting is forced and the emotions she attempts to express don't leave a very strong impression. Other than that, the story is great with an impeccable supporting cast.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: I have read (and reread) this book for years. Always a favorite. After viewing Avatar I could only wonder if James Cameron had met with Foster. The movie is wayyyyyyyy too similar to this book. Be sure to read this book - it's great adventure!

review/helpfulness: 11/12
review/text: I have an older DeLonghi oil heat unit that I have used for years. This is about one-third smaller, is lighter and gives out much more heat.

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: This book is generally well-researched, with an extensive and balanced bibliography. It is valuable as an information source for research.While the author makes some excellent points about the ineffectiveness of environmental legislation, his argument against environmental extremism is flawed for this very reason. Extremists and activists are motivated by the very ineffectiveness of the legislation that the author himself points out, and many people who are concerned about our quality of life are often driven to take extreme measures to simply be heard above the din of corporate-controlled politicians and the advertising of over-consumption. The author does not seem to realize that if the natural world was not being destroyed at such an alarming rate, extreme measures would not be needed. Some would say that advocating temperance in a time of extreme crisis would be irresponsible.The British called the American Revolutionaries terrorists, while we remember them as freedom fighters. It's all a matter of perspective.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: A couple years ago the author of this book (who didn't know me, nor I him) sent me a free copy. I have no idea why......but I am thankful now that he did. It sat on my shelf for about two years. But I eventually picked it up with the desire to become more &quot;relationship oriented.&quot;The chapters are nice and short -- they can be ingested in about twenty minutes. That's very convenient for me. He also does a fine job making profound relationship-truths simple to understand.This books has been a great help to me.Like a little seed that Steve planted in my life, it is now shooting up and bringing forth good fruit.Thanks for the book, Steve!

review/helpfulness: 6/8
review/text: As the wife of Jim Cole, I can tell you that he has dedicated three (3) decades of his life to the study of Grizzly Bears in their natural habitats. His books took three (3) years to write and spotlight bear families from the lower 48 and Alaska which he has followed for years. Jim gave up a lucrative real estate career to pursue his wildlife passion and has made many sacrifices along the way. As a result of the most recent attack on May 23rd, 2007, Jim is now permanently blind in one eye. Ironically, Jim never considered himself to be a professional photographer. He counts himself as a Grizzly Bear Educator and performs original songs about bears to a wide range of audiences. Jim's books represent his life's work and offer useful insight into the cunning versatility of the great bear. As of the writing of this review, Jim has never been banned from any national park nor have his actions resulted in the death of any bruin. Simply stated, Jim believes these creatures to be the most intelligent and impressive animals on Planet Earth! Yes, his time spent in the backcountry is quite non-traditional; but Jim always was a rugged individualist.

review/helpfulness: 3/6
review/text: Personalmente, algunos de los aspectos que m&aacute;s valoro de la m&uacute;sica de The Sea and Cake son su suavidad, su melancol&iacute;a mezclada con una aparente inexpresividad, el uso de acordes con muchas notas (influencia del bossa nova y el jazz) y tonalidades menores (aunque aborden las tonalidades mayores como si fueran menores) y, principalmente, el hecho de que apenas se entienda lo que canta su vocalista, Sam Prekop, por m&aacute;s que doble y superponga sus voces. En este disco se refuerza esa sensaci&oacute;n de que los m&uacute;sicos apenas estuvieran tocando, como si tuvieran susto y se les estuvieran cayendo los instrumentos, y comenzaran a ser reemplazados por las bases y secuencias. Sin embargo, todo esto que a o&iacute;dos de algunos es reprochable, para m&iacute; es muy interesante, pues obliga a una atenta audici&oacute;n de los m&aacute;s &iacute;nfimos detalles y nos lleva a entender la enorme sutileza, exquisitez y pulcritud con que est&aacute;n enfrentando su m&uacute;sica. Esta maestr&iacute;a en el arte de la sugerencia se ve, sin embargo, sumada a otros aspectos: temas un poco m&aacute;s din&aacute;micos, melod&iacute;as incocentes tocadas en los teclados para abrir las canciones, m&aacute;s sonidos el&eacute;ctricos (muy bien empastados con lo ac&uacute;stico), etc. Los arreglos y la producci&oacute;n en general son excelentes, en particular en el uso de vientos y percusiones como la marimba y el vibr&aacute;fono (tocados por John McEntire). Como de costumbre, siguen ocupando letras de temas cotidianos pero escritas pensando especialmente en su sonoridad. Aunque sea un detalle externo, vale la pena mencionar tambi&eacute;n el hermoso dise&ntilde;o gr&aacute;fico, con fotos del propio Sam Prekop. En definitiva, podemos observar la profundizaci&oacute;n de una interesante propuesta musical, que cada vez se supera m&aacute;s a s&iacute; misma.P.D.: recomiendo a quienes les guste este grupo, escuchar el disco de su vocalista, titulado simplemente &quot;Sam Prekop&quot; y, aunque a mi juicio no es tan interesante y es un poco m&aacute;s pop, el de otro de sus integrantes, Archer Prewitt, titulado &quot;White Sky&quot;.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Overall, I would say &quot;A Philadelphia Catholic in King James's Court&quot; was a good read with a few minor flaws. The story centers around a catholic boy named Michael who goes to Kentucky for the summer because his father died. Their he is faced with the pressure of the Fundamentalist Christians trying to convert him to their religion. First of all, Michael is faced defending his Catholic roots many time. One of the problems I found with this is that it seems a little far fetched that he would be able to come up with some of the arguments he has in the short time he is given. On a good note though, his arguments gave me further insight into the Catholic religion, enlightening me on many aspects of it that I never knew before. Next, I found that it was a little too unrealistic that his prophetic dreams actually would come true. After that, I would also say that I think that the book makes the Fundamentalists look to much like bad guys, and it seems that often they go a little too far in an attempt to convert Michael. Even Michael's own Uncle is constantly pressuring him. I felt as if he should just let him be, especially since he just lost his father. Lastly, an aspect that I really enjoyed was the effect that Michael's defending of his religion had on some of the Fundamentalists. In conclusion I really enjoyed &quot;A Philadelphia Catholic in King James's Court&quot; and found myself coming back again and again to see how Michael would defend his religion, being that I am a Catholic to. If you are looking for a book that successfully and accurately delves deep into the Catholic faith, then you will be sorry if you pass up this wonderful story.

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: Hi,I'm 'BARBIE LOVER' and I really like this game,even though I'm a bit out of the age range. :) I like going around and decorating every room in the castle differently each time I play!(like the whole castle decorated with peacocks or swans or butterflies,or one room has horses and another masqarade masks,exc.)The thing which really nags me is that every time you have 12 names on your list you have to erase one to play again.I usually just erase the whole list so I won't have to do this that often. I also like the intro to the game,and the muscic in each room before you restore it. I even reconized a bit of music from the movie! If you love Fantasy,dragons,and rapunzel you should get the movie-and this very fun game!(The movie is very nice,even though it is 4 years old!)And another thing-Barbie's mask is not a mask-it is just a feather in the air-have you seen it? PS Please vote on my review! 'BARBIE LOVER'

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: I've never read anything from the 'People to Know', series, and if this book is any indication, neither should you. (...). If you wish to write a bad biography, the guide:* Base your work on the officially published and easily reached autobiographies by the subject. Besides a few obvious interviews and a couple of web sites, look no further. Make no attempt to uncover the things the writer of the autobiography tried to hide.* Don't bother with even the most rudimentary of fact checking, so that your work will contain many egregious mistakes. My personal favorites: according to Karen Judson, Asimov made more money writing non fiction than fiction (p. 53), and 'Golden Age' SF was character driven (p.50). Both of these claims are not just false: they're absurd. Asimov wrote more non fiction then fiction because he enjoyed it more, even though he made much less money writing it. The main feature of Golden Age SF was a focus on scientific literacy. SF before the golden age was relatively scientifically inaccurate, and the Golden Age contained many working scientists who wrote more vigorously about science.* Do not look into any of the dark corners of your subject's past. Although Isaac Asimov lived a comfortable bourgeois existence, there are several controversies worth looking into: his conflicts with his superiors in Boston University, his infidelities, his atheism, and the way he treated his eldest son, David. In his writing career, later Asimov seemed to have sold his soul to the industry, allowing his name to be put on dozens of titles on which he did practically zero work (Stuff like: Isaac Asimov presents Superquizs) We now know that Asimov died of AIDS he received from a blood transfer in the early 1980s - all of these deserve discussion, but are hardly even mentioned.* Spend inordinary amount of time on issues of no importance. The author spends the better part of two pages discussion Isaac's World - a largely forgotten shared world anthology in the late 80s, now defunct and forgotten. She spends no less then three pages making dull summaries of books by other authors, who have very little in common besides being influential books on the developing SF scene in the 1930s. It seems like no thought was given as to what is essential and what is peripheral in Asimov's life.Despite being a homebody who lived very ordinary life, Asimov was a fascinating character, brilliant, witty, arrogant and eccentric. As a writer, Asimov revolutionized Science Fiction, and his work has influenced thousands around the world. As a Jewish Liberal and the son of an &eacute;migr&eacute;, Asimov is a representative of a class that had a disproportionate influence on American Life in the 20th century. But you won't know it from reading this book.If you're interested in Isaac Asimov, I recommend reading his memoir, I, Asimov. It is deeper, more reflective, better written, and much, much more interesting.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: Being a John Cena fan you can never be sure that the charisma that he shows on the small screen will translate to the big screen, but after watching The Marine he does not have to worry about that. All the action in the movie keeps fans glued to the screens and wondering what could possibly happen next. Not a dull moment in the movie. Can't wait for it to come to the movies cinemas here in Australia in June 07 so we can watch him larger than life and in surround sound, will make a great movies even better.

review/helpfulness: 9/12
review/text: &quot;But the fact that it's on Oprah's list and that Amazon thinks the word &quot;years&quot; is spelled with an apostrophe are enough to put me off.Moving on.&quot;Quite frankly, both of these are idiotic reasons to pass up one of the greatest pieces of literature ever put to paper. To other readers considering this book, all I can say is... it's a heart-stopping experience. You can read plot and theme details in other reviews, so I won't waste space here re-hashing that information. It's a profound and beautiful book, an amazing and an entertaining read as well.Don't waste time. Buy it now, or go to your library and check it out. Read it. I can't tell you enough what an incredible book this is.

review/helpfulness: 0/6
review/text: Heya - very speedy delivery thanks!The dvd works fine in a portable dvd player - but for some reason, disc 1 wont play in my Mac Powerbook?! I think its because there is a slight edge on 1/3 of the disc - and my computer is to sensitive to allow it to play, oh well... Thanks heaps!tams xo

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: As an investigative record of bizarre experiences, some first hand, The Mothman Prophesies is as timely and interesting a read now as it was when it was first published almost thirty years ago. I disagree with some of Keel's conclusions, at least with respect to them being the final word in what is obviously an ongoing puzzle, but he points to some very interesting possibilities. His notions are well worth adding to the soup of the still bubbling mystery that such bizarre experiences as Mothman, MIBs, strange aerial lights, odd electrical and poltergeist effects, etc., represent.That much if not all of what is reported is Earth-related does not lessen the difficulty of asserting categorically that &quot;extradimensional&quot; beings are entirely localized. The possibility of worlds without end lie that way, whether connected by wormholes or whatever in this dimension or in other layers outside of this one. I'd bet John a bottle of HERRADURA SELECCION SUPREMA tequila that our multilayered universe is full of life in many forms, mostly unexpected, and that this will become obvious far sooner than later (in the next hundred years at least).-- Randy

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: Bill Perkins does it again! This is a very practical book about being a man at war with our culture. His six battles are Fight for your identity, Fight for personal holiness, Fight for your family, Fight through pain, Fight for your friends and Fight for a strong faith. Bill's personal examples and insights will help you fight these battles. Become a mighty man today!&lt;a href="http://www.millionmightymen.com/">http://www.millionmightymen.com&lt;/a>

review/helpfulness: 10/12
review/text: OH MY GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Not as good as sex...depending. Drugs...yes, unless you're tired, in which case Joyce, Sex and Drugs wont help, so play some music instead. Oh, it's music, more than it is literature, only you have to play it instead of just listen to it. More like a score of notes and symbols. Some people can't read music, can't hear the result. Hell, I can't ready music either, but this book is the only thing I have *ever* found that matches my natural astonishment at the intense immediacy of being alive in all it's frighteningly beautiful detail. If and only if you have the right type of cosmic laughter and &quot;tape recorder&quot; like open eyes inside of you, it will play your mind wild and hard, and you *will* smile, because it *is* you.It can ruin you, though, to &quot;he said, she said&quot; type of literature. Like any pleasure drug, there is an associated let down when you turn to other pursuits, such as boring things like skydiving.I've been searching ever since.***Favorite Quotes:Ugly and futile: lean neck and thick hair and a stain of ink, a snail's bed. Yet someone had loved him, borne him in her arms and in her heart. But for her the race of the world would have trampled him underfoot, a squashed boneless snail. She had loved his weak watery blood drained from her own. Was that then real? The only true thing in life? His mother's prostrate body the fiery Columbanus in holy zeal bestrode. She was no more: the trembling skeleton of a twig burnt in the fire, an odour of rosewood and wetted ashes. She had saved him from being trampled underfoot and had gone, scarcely having been. A pour soul gone to heaven: and on a heath beneath winking stars a fox, red reek of rapine in his fur, with merciless bright eyes scraped in the earth, listened, scraped up the earth, listened, scraped and scraped.A space. Who are you? The cat's mother. A time. What do you lack? The look of a queen.A sewerful of guineagold wine with brancomongepadenopie and sickcylinder oysters worth a billion a bite....Words weigh no more to him than raindrips to Rethfernhim. Which we all like. Rain. When we sleep. But wait until our sleeping. Drain. Sdops.Sexcaliber hrosspower.... The wagrant wind's awalt'zaround the piltdowsns and on every blasted knollyrock.... Right rank ragner rocks and with these rox orangotangos rangled rough and rightgorong. Wisha, wisha, whydidtha? Thik is for thorn that's thuck in its thoil like thumfool's thraitor thrust for vengeance. What mnice old mness it all mnakes! A middenhide hoard of objects!.... Venuses were giggliby temptatrix, vulcans guffawably eruptious and the whole wives' world frockful of fickles.... The Pythagorean sesquipedalia of the panepistemion.... A round a thousand whirlingig glorioles.... A sing a song a sylble; a byword, a sentance with surcease; while stands his canyouseehim frails shall fall.

review/helpfulness: 13/13
review/text: Poor production from the early-mid 80's cannot be corrected with a "remaster" attempt. I purchased it directly from the company a few months back. With the greatest respect for the lady giving the sewing instruction who can be your best friend's mom up the street, the production values are so low and filming techniques so outdated as to be useless to observe. They make use of a mirror on her work surface, a camera does not go right into her work much of the time and contrasts are low. Editing was also very choppy at times. The resolution is so poor that I could not see critical details. It just isn't easy to see what she is doing half of the time.Good solid information is given for beginners but I cannot recommend this product. Not good value for the price. I honestly believe the company should scrap it (and the series assuming the rest are like this) and start over.

review/helpfulness: 5/6
review/text: Since I heard once on vynil the incredible apssionate and to me the greatest version of the First Symphony of Johannes Brahms ever made .And believe me , I love this symphony and I have heard at least one hundred versions : with Furtwangler , Toscanini superb performance of the forties , Istvan Kertsez , Kubelik Chicago , Munch , and a long etc .But the inner mood and the clear but cleverly established sequence of the right tone and the use of the concise tempo in every phrase make of that version unique and unrepeteable .I know about the Mozart Symphonies with the Berlin Philarmonic that still in those ages sounded with the furtwanglerain mood . They are sublime .But consider once more that only with this Brahms Symphony, all the rest of the set you may regard a special buy , a worthable and fundamental bonus. Igor Markevitch was a conductor unfairly neglected .Buy this CD because it will let you astonished and will prove by itself all the virtues of that master conductor .

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: I first read Orwell's masterpiece for seventh grade summer reading in 1983 (got in right under the gun!). It remains one of the key books of my intellectual development. 1984 was the first book to get me to think about the importance of the freedom of the individual, the dangers of mob psychology and the evils of totalitarianism.Winston Smith is a member of the Party, as is everyone else who isn't a &quot;prole,&quot; and like everyone else, he lives &quot;from birth to death under the eye of the Thought Police.&quot; Orwell builds up a gray and chilling world where &quot;no emotion was pure, because everything was mixed up with fear and hatred.&quot;This is what Orwell imagined in 1949 would be the logical extension of communism. And look where we are, fully sixteen years after the year 1984, with the video camera technology that can do effectively the same thing as the Party's telescreens. Imagine life with a TV that could watch you while you watched it--a TV that could bellow at you to do your calisthenics in the morning or face arrest! That's what Big Brother is all about, the absolute lack of privacy to enforce the absolute conformity of action and thought--something to contemplate before tuning in one of those cheesy &quot;real-life&quot; TV-ratings-grabbers. In Orwell's 1984, there was nothing to laugh about.Orwell's writing style is intentionally as stark as the world he creates. The narrator does a lot of telling as well as showing, but this does not slow the pace. I heartily recommend 1984 for anyone over eleven who appreciates his or her freedom and individuality. You may appreciate it far more once you have finished this book.

review/helpfulness: 1/5
review/text: Had these boots for a while. First thing i noticed the laces started to fall apart.I've never seen a boot sole so sparsely treaded a bit like a tyre on your car less rubber on the road less traction and its going to wear out quicker.Because of the sole when your walking the boot seems to fold on top of your toes very annoying. The inner sole has no arch support and not much spring my feet started to ache after 20 mins walking and lay haven't done that before, had to change them.Seems to run a size to big thats not much of a problem just wore thicker socks.Fine to wear in the middle of winter but in the summer just to hot to wear, even when i put on thinest socks i could fine.They don't seem to breath at all.No tag or loop on the back to help pull them on even my running shoes have them.Buy timberland at least lay are real leather and better soles same price!

review/helpfulness: 13/13
review/text: Finding a COMPLETE version of this book is difficult. When the Sword and the Stone was grafted onto the rest of the series to form the Once and Future King, T.H. White removed several scenes from the book. Growing up enjoying the Walt Disney version of the film, I was disappointed when I read the Once and Future King. Where was the wizard's duel between Merlyn and Madam Mim? Surely, Disney didn't come up with that on their own.Well, the truth is these lost parts are still out there if you wish to find them. Some of the lost episodes include: Kay and Wart taken captive by Madam Mim, a wizard's duel between Merlyn and Mim, Wart and Kay battle a giant who has taken King Pellinore captive, Wart becomes a snake, and Archimedes takes the Wart in bird form to meet his mother Athene and hear a song from the trees. The version I found that still contained these passages was published in 1963 and features Disney illustrations on the cover. I do not know if other versions include these chapters, but the Once and Future King does not.Some speculate that White thought these episodes to be too childish and light-hearted, but I think they are wonderful. The Sword in the Stone is a very difficult book for children. I believe it needs these light-hearted moments to offset the preachy life lessons. Don't get me wrong, I think the lessons that can be learned from the book are innumerable, but everyone needs a little fun with their learning.If you are looking to read the Sword in the Stone, I encourage you to seek out the oldest version with the chapters still in tact. They're worth it.

review/helpfulness: 0/7
review/text: I don't really want to spend time doing this. It was a gift, guess it's good.

review/helpfulness: 3/7
review/text: I have to laugh at the negative reviews of this book. They are probably written by socialists who don't understand economics, otherwise they wouldn't be socialists. Hazlitt's arguments are based on (1) a real understanding of economics and (2) facts, including that socialism has been an abject failure where ever it has been tried. In contrast, the arguments of modern liberals are based on emotions and are devoid of facts and of thinking about the world as it is.I can tell you that this is one of the very best books that has ever been written on economics.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This machine is from hell - save your money.Every tenth brew the cap and filter misalign, causing messy overflow. One overflow leads to another because grounds get into the cap and clog it. Mine is in the trash and cannot be incinerated too soon!

review/helpfulness: 5/5
review/text: This book is thorough, in-depth data on the companies of the midcap sector. Having an independent evaluator (not the brokerage inbred stock analysts) discuss and provide not only buy/sell/hold rankings but also give fair values is priceless! The scope of companies covered is vast, and the reviews are extensive and well written. The only down side is fair values, current rankings are a few months out of date, because publishing is not instantaneous. However, this is a good background book, and I like to have a hard copy to thumb thru on those snowed in days. I recommend this book highly along with the s+p 500 large cap and the s+p 600 small cap books. They are all excellent starting places for the independent investor. I subscribe to the standard and poors &quot;personal wealth&quot; on the internet for 9 dollars a month for current reviews/ recommendations.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I have a hard time opening wine bottles, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money of the screwpulls that instantly pull out the cork. This 3-in-1 corkscrew is a nice alternative. It gets the cork out just with a few turns of the handle, without any pulling on my part.

review/helpfulness: 7/10
review/text: I have experiences in many martial arts and had done lots of streetfighting, and I can tell a working technique just by looking at pictures. In this sense, I must say that 75% of Prof. Kirby's moves works well. His armlocks, for example, are more effective than those of Aikido. However, being an experienced groundfighter, I must say that his ground escapes are weak. But it's not his fault. I'm sure he included it just as an afterthought, and GF were not popular by the time he wrote this book. It's very good that he included it on this book, considering that most other Jujitsu teachers omits ground moves on their books.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: In a letter to his confidant and friend, Wilhelm Fleiss, the then middle aged neurologist, Sigmund Freud, was in the midst of researching and writing his beloved 'dream book'. He wrote the following:&quot;Now I have finished and am thinking about the dream book again. I have been looking into the literature and feel like a Celtic imp.&quot;Oh, how I am glad that no one, no one knows...&quot; No one suspects that the dream is not nonsense but wish fulfillment.&quot;Indeed, this is the premise of Freud's entire thesis: dreams are no more than repressed unconscious wishes, battling for expression and consummation.In his own words, Freud had 'dared' to rally against the 'objections of severe science, to take the part of the ancients and of superstition.' In 1900, the official year of the book's publication, its reception, despite its provoctive title, was tepid, and in the course of six years, only sold 351 copies. Freud never gave up hope, and 30 years later, in the preface of the third English edition, he wrote, &quot;It contains, even according to my present day judgement, the most valuable of all the discoveries it has been my good fortune to make. Insight such as this falls to one's lot but once a lifetime.' In present day, one can question any Freud scholar about ~The Interpretation of Dreams~ and they will say the same thing: the book contains everything that 'is' psychoanalysis.Anyone interested in the history of psychoanalysis and the mind of Sigmund Freud, reading this book is an absolute must. The reading runs along too, quite easily, as Freud was an excellent writer: his unique prose style even shines through some clumsy translations.If you are interested in the book's process of development, I would suggest reading ~The Complete Letters of Sigmund Freud and Wilhelm Fliess~; another gold mine for understanding the growth of psychoanalysis.

review/helpfulness: 2/4
review/text: I purchased this with my Kodak DX3215 camera (which I love) because the tech support staff at Amazon assured me that it would work with multi-media card too. It does not.So the good people at Amazon Customer Support (I love them) promptly sent me a return ticket for it. Pity, though. I had called tech support just so that Amazon could be spared the expense of just such an event.And guess what? It turns out that I don't even need a media reader at all, because that's what the DX3215's docking station does beautifully for me anyway.However, I do agree that you should buy this if your digital camera lacks its own docking base, because its a great time saver.

review/helpfulness: 6/7
review/text: I am a big fan of classic horror films...although not necessarily of the source material the films were based on. Add to that I've only read a few Koontz books in my lifetime and I went into this book with a lot of skepticism. In this re-imagining of the Mary Shelly works, the Frankenstein Monster, called Deucalion, has survived and is leading a quiet life in a Tibetan Monsastery. He's secreted away from the rest of the world, safe and sound. He then learns, however, that his creater Victor Frankenstein is alive and well, and living in New Orleans, mad as ever.Frankenstein is now a rich Tycoon, and is up to his old tricks of creating life, and hell-bent on replacing mankind with his laboratory spawned creations. Unlike the Lighting created patchwork of corpses, these new creatures have been created with the latest technology and been essentially grown in the lab, and designed to be perfect. When one of these "perfect" creations escapes and becomes a serial killer, Deucalion will actually join forces with a couple of cops to hunt down the creature and Frankenstein.This is an interesting and intriguing take on the Frankenstein mythology. It's not Karloff and James Whale to be sure. The original monster owes much more to the original Shelly story. This monster is intelligent and thoughful and it is his creator who is the true monster. The characterizations of the monster and Freankenstein are well done and interesting. I thought it was perhaps a bit overlong and bogged down in some spots but overall I enjoyed the book.

review/helpfulness: 11/11
review/text: This is totally different from the "classic albums" series of DVDs that have come out which I love. This is a "classic album under review" which basically has a bunch of fat old guys talking about how great AC/DC is. The clincher for me was the fact that they had an AC/DC tribute band on to play the guitar riffs from this album. A TRIBUTE BAND?!?!? I'm sure that was great fun for those guys to do, but I think the people watching would rather see the actual band playing the songs. This DVD went on WAY too long and only had little snippets of the band playing live. Way too much filler for me and not what I thought this DVD was going to be. I do not recommend it.

review/helpfulness: 8/8
review/text: I'm not a fan of science fiction, and so when my book group chose this book as its monthly selection to read, I was dubious. But then I started reading this small, seemingly simple little book and I was hooked - completely. Yes, it's science fiction. Yes, it requires the reader to accept the reality of a world that is a figment of the author's imagination. Yes, it deals with censorship and book burning and the dangers of mindless feel-good entertainment. And yes, it has a great plot and tells the fast paced story in a mere 165 pages. But in this case, the total effect is much much more than the sum of its parts.There's the quality of the writing first of all. The words run across the page with searing intensity, pulling the reader into a world that feels real and creepy. It pulsates with its theme, which is of fire and firemen and the cruel act of destroying books. It's intelligent and literate and uses some direct quotes from revered thinkers. And then there are some parts that were so humorous that I laughed out loud. Every line resonates with tension. It is a wonderful tale. And, to top it all off, it is optimistic.One of the joys of reading this book is that we have the hindsight of understanding it was written in 1950. The author has that that hindsight as well, and there are an additional 23 pages in the paperback edition, written by the author more than 50 years later. These few pages add dimension to an already complete book and should not be missed. I have no doubt that Fahrenheit 451 is now seared in my mind as being one of the finest books I've every read. It gets my highest recommendation. Don't miss it!

review/helpfulness: 15/16
review/text: This book is excellent for all the information you may want to know on dutch ovens, how they are manufactured, seasoning, storage, care, how to cook (several ways), etc. There are only a few recipes which are good. I would buy this book again as a reference book. It is great to give as a gift with a dutch oven.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: Dudley Moore plays a famous conductor recently wed to a young and beautiful European actress played by Nastassja Kinski. It is a good relationship and the couple loves each other until a misunderstanding leads to suspicion on Moore's part. He comes to believe his beautiful child bride is playing around. Worse, he thinks she is playing around with his prot?g?, a notorious womanizer. Its untrue but coincidences mount up to reinforce the idea until he is blind with rage and plots both of their murders.It sound very serious thus far but remember that the jealous husband is played by Dudley Moore. That means that this is a comedy as he puts his plot into action with Moore's typically inept style. Nothing goes as planned and each instance is usually good for a few laughs.This film was NOT as funny as I remembered it being when I was a kid but I did laugh and I did enjoy it. Particularly effective is the use of classical music to set the mood throughout. Often, the pieces used are familiar and even stereotypical but that does not stop them from being appropriate or well chosen.

review/helpfulness: 8/11
review/text: The temptation to re-make movies is evidence of the fact that there is little creativity in Hollywood. This movie is evidence that there are people in Hollywood who should not be allowed to go to movies let alone make them.The original is not all that great, but it was in fact original and had some very interesting photography and stunts. This version is insipid to the point of stupidity; the photography stinks, and the stunts are mostly cut-and-paste special effects.The people who made this should be banned from any association to movie making for life! So why did I buy it? By mistake! I had a copy of the original and thought a comparison would be interesting. I was wrong. Learn from my error and avoid this like the very plague.

review/helpfulness: 12/12
review/text: We have had this tv for a little over three months and my wife and myself absolutely love it. Bright crystal clear picture and great looks, and best of all a great price from Amazon. Plenty of inputs. Standard cable looks great and hd programming is stunning as well as DVD's. I also purchased calibration software, but found that I really didn't need it. My settings were very close to the factory settings. We view in movie mode with the energy settings for the back light on low. I would recommend this tv to anyone looking for a quality set with an amazing picture. Sound is through a Sony 7.1 receiver with Polk Rt's and Infinity SM speakers, and a 100 watt powered sub, so I cannot give an opinion on the sound quality. When it comes to LCD's you get what you pay for, plus Consumer Reports rates this tv in first place as of FEB 07Paul S

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I am really disappointed with the quality of this 2 CD set. Plus, I wasn't able to find a track list anywhere, and I was missing a LOT of songs I was looking forward to having.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: I tend to run away from any book that Oprah recommends. I mean I love her but if she recommends a book it suddenly turns into a piece of mass consumption and ceases to be a true piece of literature. In fact, it is fairly upsetting that the reason this book is now being read by &quot;the masses&quot; (I am using another reviewer's words here) is because Oprah suggested so.With that said, this book is magnificient. I read it five years ago in English and am about to read it in Spanish. As a Spanish Speaker I can gurantee that the translation is by far the best translation I have encountered in books to this day.This book /can/ be a hard read for people not familiar with magical realism or Marquez at all (and his circular writing style). If you are looking for an easy read this is not it. If you are looking for a rich, beautifully crafted piece of literature then get the book.Still unsure? Do a quick search online for the book and you will find the countless awards this book received (not to mention the fact that Marquez won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 1982). It is often listed on the best books of the 20th century.I was sad when the book ended and have reread it since.

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: The weakest link of the Transformer trilogy; The first two were decent films, how did this one end up so bad? I barely made it through the theatrical viewing, I couldnt imagine buying it and watching it again.

review/helpfulness: 4/5
review/text: Great movie as I enjoy all Chuck Norris movies and it is a shame they did not make a follow up to this movie. It has action, heart and energy.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Received VA912B was bad with text appearing as areas of light and dark contrast in bands down the screen which made text almost unreadable (also dead pixel mid-screen after a few days). Called Viewsonic support and they did the replacement policy where they send a new one and you return flawed one back in 10 days (their shipping expense). Monitor never arrived and I called back to find out it was out of stock. They agreed to send another model and it never arrived. I called back and they said they couldn't ship another model. So back and forth with numerous, long waits and calls and some very tense arguements. Received a new monitor after about 5 weeks and it was good. I am very pleased with all operational aspects of the 912. Display is very crisp, clear, and fast but was sure painful and long process to get to this point.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: I read the other reviews of this item, and I'm totally lost. I had this on original vinyl and absolutely LOVED it, and some of the tracks mentioned in the first review did NOT exist on the original LP, which was correctly issued in 1974. I consider this LP to be one of the best the Hollies ever did, as it showcased the musical style they developed far better than most of their previous work, which sometimes included covers of other persons' material. True, it's not the stuff one may expect, if they consistantly think of the Hollies as doing only songs like Stop, Stop, Stop, or Carrie Anne, but I doubt anyone could honestly say this LP/CD is not one of their best.

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: Josephine Tey's heroic Inspector Grant finds himself literally flat on his back in hospital: the result of his previous adventure. Unable to engage his mind on a case in the police blotter, he stumbles on mystery that is 500 years old. Who killed the princes in the Tower?Part historical tableau, &quot;Daughter of Time&quot; is a true detective story. Just because the witnesses are long dead, written accounts remain and Grant's (i.e. Tey's) exegesis separates fact from propaganda. Intermixed with the history are Tey's charming cast of characters more reminiscent of a Noel Coward comedy than a traditional British mystery. Characters appear cliche at first introduction, but become more supple as the novel and Grant's recovery progresses.Having the benefit of Derek Jacobi's narration, the players in the story are quite vivid. This is most appreciated early in the novel when the reader is introduced to the several characters of the cast at once. Later, Grant has moments of reflective solitude, and Jacobi ably translates this quiet time.It is no wonder that this book is very popular. There is a little something for everyone. Fans of historical fiction get their fill. Students of history can learn the importance of first hand accounts. It still is very much a detective novel, and the characters are all likeable. (The one true bad guy has been dead since the 16th century.) It even carries the banner of a moral crusade: the pursuit of truth and the defeat of tonypandy.But Jacobi's narration enlightens one of the drawbacks of this work. Just when the incidental characters -- the ones that will not appear in the next Grant adventure -- develop, the story ends. Unlike Grant and his regular cronies who have been sketched and shaped in previous stories, these new people grow with the reader. We like them and miss them when the novel ends. And &quot;Daughter of Time&quot; does end abruptly. The case is closed, and the colorful world of the last Plantagenets and first Tudors is closed with it.

review/helpfulness: 7/7
review/text: One of the better books that I've read over the past year. Dr. Eby provides a biographical review of the miracles that God has performed in his life, beginning with his birth in the pre-depression era through the 1980's. I heard about this book on the radio and it was described as Dr. Eby's trip to heaven after his clinical death due to an accident. What I found was a wonderful collection of stories about how God worked miracles throughout his entire life, including an amazing story of his brief trip to heaven (he describes it in great detail -- I can't wait!) and a brief trip to hell (enough of a description to scare the salvation right into a non-believer). Dr. Eby is a great story teller and the book is very easy to read and enjoy. A very uplifting and &quot;feel good&quot; book. A great book to read to kids too!

review/helpfulness: 4/4
review/text: I suggested to my 14-year old son, who wanted to read a non-fiction crime/courtroom book that he try "Helter Skelter" by Vincent Bugliosi. He not only read the entire 400 page book, he was mesmerized and wrote the following review for his fellow teenagers:From Douglas:"Helter Skelter" by Vincent Bugliosi is about a madman, a cult, gruesome murders, and a spellbinding criminal trial. I highly recommend this book to those who are interested in true crime or suspence thrillers. This book is about a man named Charles Manson and a string of muders he and people he called his "family" committed. I am recommending this book to all teenagers who have never herd the name, Manson. I am also recommending this book for adults, for it is a hair-raising and gruesome experience that will leave you begging for more.The book is written by Vincent Bugliosi, who was the Los Angeles County District Attorney, who prosecuted Charles Manson and his followers. He documents , in the book, how he became totally consumed by this extraordinary case. He writes about how Manson actually "played mind games" with him during the trial. Although these murders took place almost forty years ago, I believe that it is important for us to know about this case because Manson and his followers are still in prison and still come up for parole. It is also important for us to see how one man managed to control the minds and actions of so many, so that maybe we can prevent it from happening again.This bokk is written in a very readable style; you won't be able to put it down. I highly recommend it to all teenagers, who enjoy crime stories - fiction or non-fiction. It's hard to believe it really happened!

review/helpfulness: 0/10
review/text: The only reason I came across this film was that I was mesmerized by the director's more recent work, the Perfume. So I thought I'd check out the rest of his films.Lola gets a call from her boyfriend that he's lost his crime boss' money. And the boss is coming to collect it in 20 minutes. So Lola starts running, originally to see her dad who is a banker. And then depending on how fast she can go or whether she gets held up or not, entire lives can work out differently not only for herself but also for people that she bumps into - literally. The movie shows us 3 possible scenarios.The action's obviously quite fast, because she's running just about the whole movie, so you are made to feel that things are happening. But it's all extremely shallow, the thrills and developments are very uninteresting.We are shown fates of people we do not care about at all. This is one of the main flaws of this film. It assumes that the audience will care about strangers. The only guy I cared about in the movie was the homeless fellow, I looove that beard. Even Lola and her boyfriend didn't really move me, though they looked like a lovely couple.The message of the film is also very much irrelevant. That the little choices we make, or even just pure chance, can have big effects on our lives and others'. No kidding! Give this guy a Nobel Prize! But I have a question: So what??? You go about your life doing things the way you see fit. There's no place for what ifs and what would have happened if my dad had chosen my aunt instead of my mum? Irrelevant.The annoying thumping music adds insult to injury, it is very poor, something you would expect at a brain numbing nightclub just to keep you awake.All in all, it's an interesting enough film, if only cos you are curious how it will end but apart from Lola's and the homeless dude's hair there's not much there to really care for or remember. 5 out of 10.

review/helpfulness: 10/11
review/text: This is an excellent oil heater it is virtually silent and does a great job for a room 14'x12'. I highly recommend it as it really does a superb job.Only thing I can mention that is not positive is that it has its own setting so if the room is already warm and you leave this on the room will get warmer than it already is so it does not coicide with the temperature in the room. Otherwise amazing machine. I highly recommend the Honeywell HZ-708 it has a temperature control setting and I am very pleased with that model.

review/helpfulness: 6/6
review/text: This is the second time I have bought this jacket. I wore the first one out! I am an attorney and it is becoming difficult to find tailored clothes to fit a mature woman. I plan to buy this jacket in some other colors now that I have the proper size. This is a great easy wearing piece for any professional woman young or old.

review/helpfulness: 8/12
review/text: Installation was relatively simple, but the receiver seemed not sensitive enough for the location.After successfully connecting a mac mini with airport at the same location, I was convinced that the problem was the adapter. I installed another adapter , linksys, that worked immediately. Perhaps the super G will work in locations with clear line of site access, but it was not strong enough for my environment. I had to spend the extra money to get a working solution.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: I was so inspired by this book that I called Bob Holtel and left a message on his answering machine, thanking him for giving the world such a wonderful gift. It's not the narrative, which as the disappointed reviewer said, is primarily a trail diary--though a terrifically good one, especially if you're a trailie or trail ultrarunner. No, what's deeply inspiring is Holtel's spirit, which is unique. I swear, there's a wonderful, pure spiritual vibration in the writing. I felt better for having read the book, smiled often while reading it, and have recommended it to many friends who've found the same inspiration in it.

review/helpfulness: 3/4
review/text: This is my favorite Agatha Christie so far! You'll never guess the ending, either. I will admit Hercule Poirot didn't come in until kind of late in the story, but it's really good! Don't try and solve it for yourself; there aren't enough clues.I Definitely Reccomend This Book!!!!(I'm a 12 year old girl from Alaska. If there are any other Christie fans out there my age please contact me!!! mercat@angelfire.com)

review/helpfulness: 4/7
review/text: The John Houseman character from the excellent James Caan original version, jumped into a time machine with the intent of destroying the social commentary critical to multinational monopolies from the first film and spreading cultural plastics so prevalent in his future history. The result is dumbed down junk where you must give up the idea of wondering how movie executive's decisions are made. I think he did a good job.

review/helpfulness: 4/6
review/text: This is a very good book! My sister and I used it to study for the ASVAB. Don't worry too much about the test, look over this book and relax during the test!

review/helpfulness: 2/5
review/text: This is a very bad movie. Bad music, bad acting, bad special effects. A slow and predictable plot line. Glad we borrowed it and didn't buy this one!

